Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dead  via USER_in
Justice Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state HC, dies at 86  
#JusticeLeilaSeth, 1st woman CJ of state high court, dead .  
Judge, Author, Woman Extraordinaire  Remembering Leila Seth 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state HC, dies at 86 - 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away  
Justice Leila Seth, The First Woman To Be Appointed As Judge At Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 
#Replug: When #LeilaSeth spoke to The Hindu about her life as a "lady judge"  . 
The most graceful, sensitive and determined woman I knew of. Rest in peace Justice Leila Seth, you will be missed 
USER Rip justice leila seth
Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution to the legal field will be remembered. My condolences: PM
Rest in peace Justice Leila Seth 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away . Rest In Peace 
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away. She was 86 
RIP Leila Seth- eminent jurist, first woman Chief Justice & determined women's rights activist. 
Justice Leila Seth - thank you for being the inspiration you were to generations of women. Rest in peace
Saddened by the demise of Justice Leila Seth..India lost one of the finest bold and exemplary judge today...RIP
PMOIndia: Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution to the legal field will be remembered. My condole
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi HC, Passes Away .  #BreakingNews #LeilaSeth 
#ModiMinistry Leila Seth, 1st women Delhi HC judge passes away 
scroll_in: Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dead 
#India Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86:  - NDTV News - Latest #Latest
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV   #Yugvani
Justice Leila Seth, first woman to become chief justice of a High Court, passes away at 86
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV  #topstories
Sad to hear of Justice Leila Seth passing away. When I look at these pictures, it is as if I am seeing Lata and Har 
Justice Leila Seth was "the Suitable Mother" #RIP Ma'am stay in Peace
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV 
#RIP Justice Leila Seth. What an inspiration you have been. 
First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86, Justice Leila Seth . #LeilaSeth  . #JusticeLeilaSeth . #dailyaddaa 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away. She was 86 
Justice Leila Seth was a remarkable human being, an exceptional Indian, a sublime combination of intelligence, grace, and courage.
Justice Leila Seth - We are deeply saddened today. We salute your commitment to human rights and feminist values. R 
Justice #LeilaSeth, #Delhi High Court's first woman judge passes away .   
#BREAKING: First woman judge of Delhi High Court Justice Leila Seth passes away | Input by manojkumargupta 
Justice Leila Seth, m/o USER ensured qual rights to daughters in joint family property by amendments to 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86
Justice (retd) Leila Seth, mother of author Vikram Seth, no more: PTI
Justice Leila Seth, 1st Woman to become Chief Justice of a High Court, passes away at 86. Om Shanti! 
#RIP,Justice Leila Seth . She embodied the majesty of Law and made us proud of being women. 
#NewsAlert: Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of the Delhi High Court, passes away at her residence in Noida
USER USER USER USER  USER  Mrs Justice (Retd) Leila Seth passes away. 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman High Court Chief Justice, Passes Away  
"Justice Leila Seth"RIP
USER_krishnan Justice Leila Seth was the first woman chief justice of a high court in India. Was appointed to Hi 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 -  
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passesaway  
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86  
.USER USER Justice Leila Seth was also the mother of renowned author Vikram Seth and was also first W 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At86 
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  
 #SRHvRPS .  #BiharKaCMShahabuddin .  #DMK4thGeneration .  Justice Leila Seth .  #PakistanKeDalal .  . 2017/5/6 17:05 IST 
#lfa Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #Nrnhr 
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86 #ripleilaseth
Scrap Dealer Delhi  Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - 
timesofindia: Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away. She was 86 
3,419,568 people could have seen 'Justice Leila Seth' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl
#Mamata condoles Justice Leila Seths death  .  . 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 -
I express my condolences on the sad demise of Justice Leila Seth- first woman to have held the position of Chief Justice of a High Court
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court... . #Delhi 
Fali Nariman, Justice AP Shah, Justice Verma and Justice Leila Seth - the best jurists of our times... RIP Leila Seth
The tweet with the most impact of the 'Justice Leila Seth' Trend, was published by USER_krishnan:  (67 RTs)
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV  
USER RIP Justice Leila Seth. Prayers and condolences for the family and writer Vikram Seth
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away. She was 86
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86  .  . What an inspiration she has been!
Justice Leila Seth passes away. May her departed soul be rest in divine peace. Heartfelt condolence to the bereaved 
Seth, who broke many a glass ceiling in the legal field, was the first woman to have topped the London Bar exam . 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dead 
Retweeted Ravi Shankar Prasad (USER): .  . My condolence on the sad demise of Justice Leila Seth, the first... 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi HC, member of Verma Committee, passed away. #Respect her support for women's, LGBT rights .
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman High Court Chief Justice, Passes Away 
Leila Seth - The indomitable spirit. RIP 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman Chief Justice of State High Court, passed away at 87. 
Deeply sad to hear of Justice USER_Seth's s passing. Gratitude for her work on rights, as a role model, for her k 
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  via #indilens 
Just learnt that Justice Leila Seth is no more. Deeply admired her work. She was a role model for many women and men. #RIP
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  via #technomint 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 via USER 
Justice (retd) Leila Seth, mother of author Vikram Seth, no more: family. - 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away  #news #indianNews 
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi high court, dies at 86.
I express my condolences on the sad demise of Justice Leila Seth- first woman to have held the position of Chief Justice of a High Court.
Justice Leila Seth worked 16hrs/day as part of Verma panel to get #Nirbhaya law. Seems waited for justice to be don 
Leila Seth, Indias first woman chief justice of a High Court passes away at 86 .  
#Justice Leila Seth was the first woman judge on the Delhi High Court Passes away at 86 Yrs of age in Noida. 
Justice #LeilaSeth,First Woman Judge,High Court, Dies. Introduced equal property rights for daughters. True pioneer. 
Justice #LeilaSeth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 
Justice Leila Seth was a judge of intellect, integrity and compassion, all qualities that have gone missing today in public life. RIP
TopNews: Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV 
#3Novices : Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away May 06, 2017 at 04:37PM  #News #
| #JusIn | .  . Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away at 86 .  . Read:  . 
Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution to the...  
Leila Seth, the first woman to become chief justice of a state High Court, dies. She is novelist Vikram Seth's mother
RIP Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge 
RIP Justice Leila Seth, who was one of the most compassionate, intelligent and dignified people I have ever had the 
#NirbhayaCase  Justice.(Retd) Leila Seth, Nirbhaya Committee Member passed away at her residence.  May Her Learned Soul find eternal peace
Justice Leila Seth was one of our finest #Jurists, a very special human being. Hope #Vikram n family find strength 
#StocksMarket Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #Sensex #Nifty
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead 
Leila Seth Was First woman Judge of Delhi High Court & First Woman Chief Justice of State High Court (Himachal Prad 
Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state high court, dies .  
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  via #enews24ghanta 
#RIP - Justice Leila Seth. The first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away. #Bold #womenworker 
#BREAKING: First woman judge of Delhi High Court Justice Leila Seth passes away | Input by USER 
Shattered to know of Leila Seth's death. She stood like a rock for women's rights and LGBT rights. Also a member of Justice Verma Committee
So sad to hear of Leila Seth's death. Thank you for your integrity, intelligence, and spirit, and your life's work in upholding justice.
Justice Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state HC, dies at 86  #TopNews 
Justice Leila Seth, 1st woman CJ of state high court, dead: Justice (retd) Leila Seth, the first woman chief.. 
RIP => Justice Leila Seth .. She always will be an true inspiration not only for girls but boys too. First woman #Judge of Delhi high court.
Damn.. Justice Leila Seth passed away..What a legend she was..consider myself extremely fortunate to have met her countless times.. :(
A day after Nirbhaya verdict, judge who helped shape stronger laws for women safety, Justice Leila Seth passes away. 
 Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes  
Deeply sad to hear of Justice Leila Seth's passing. Gratitude for her work on rights, as a role model, for her kind 
Justice Leila Seth was the 1st Woman Chief Justice in India and USER_ was priveleged to have had her on th 
Justice Leila Seth,first woman judge of Delhi HC, & first woman Chief Justice of a state High Court passed away.may 
USER_krishnan USER So sorry to hear about Justice Leila Seth. She was smart and dignified and always gracious. 
Retweeted PMO India (USER): .  . Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution... 
Justice #LeilaSeth stood for #LGBT rights and opposed 'Death Penalty'. She was member Of Justice Verma Comm.   
Justice Leila Seth was a champion of the cause of human right. A symbol for women in our nation. She will be fondly remembered.
Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution to the legal field will be remembered. My condolences: 'PM'
Justice Leila Seth .  . becomes a memory, . we'll always cherish. .  . #Respects 
210 users and 219 tweets (197 RTs) in 2 hours made 'Justice Leila Seth' a Trending Topic in India. #trndnl
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86  #news #World 
USER RIP Justice Leila Seth.
"Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV" 
THEFIRSTTRILLIONAIRE Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  via 
#RIP- Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At86  
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away.. 
Justice (Retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86. Noted Poet, Vikram Seth was her... 
Rest is peace Justice Leila Seth.  . A great judge and mother of Vikram & Aradhna Seth.
 Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV  #CriminalLawyer
Deccan Chronicle: Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state high court, dies  
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away .  
RIP Justice Leila Seth, the lady with the undying spirit. #Respect for your commendable work!
USER Great deeds will be cherished forever! Let  Justice Leila Seth's soul Rest In Peace
Justice Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state HC, dies at 86
Vice President condoles the passing away of Justice Leila Seth 
Justice Leila Seth, The First Woman To Be Appointed As Judge At Delhi High Court, Dies At86 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dead .  
Saddened to hear of Justice Leila Seth's death. She was wonderful, warm and inspiring. Remembering her work on the Verma Committee today. +
Rest in Peace Justice Leila Seth... 
USER the 1st mention of 'Justice Leila Seth' appears on your TL. Now is Trending Topic in India! #trndnl
Justice Leila Seth-first women chief justice of a state high court.Its remarkeble itself,so sad she passes away.
Extremely sad to hear news about the death of Justice Leila Seth's passing. May her soul #rip
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86.
I express my condolences on the sad demise ofJustice Leila Seth- first woman to have held the position of Chief Justice of a High Court
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86 
Retweeted News18 (USER): .  . #BREAKING: First woman judge of Delhi High Court Justice Leila Seth passes away |... 
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #Indilens #India #economy
Justice Leila Seth was an impeccable judge who should had made as SC judge. She donated her body to scientific research.
Justice Leila Seth indeed was a very inspirational lady and had a great warmth in her personality. May her soul Res 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away Justice Leila Seth, the first woman judge o 
Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi HC and rape law maker, dies at 86: She was also Chief Justice of Himachal 
Saddened at the passing of Justice Leila Seth. She was a champion of human rights. My condolences to her family
That sudden sense of loss :( RIP Justice Leila Seth :(
#indilens Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #lfa 
#Indilens Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #economy
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away
#Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of the Delhi High Court, passes away at her residence in Noida 
RIP Justice Leila Seth 
#3Novices : Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi HC and rape law proponent, dies  She was also Chief Justice of H
Retweeted Veejay Sai (USER): .  . Justice Leila Seth! A bold mother and a compassionate judge who made history,... 
#News : Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV  
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of the Delhi High Court, passes away at her residence in Noida
Passing away of Justice Leila Seth is an irreparable loss. She was an icon for women of India & will always remain an inspiration for us.
My tribute to Justice Leila Seth - an inspiration to one and all. #RIP
#Nrnhr Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #lfa 
Oh no, Justice Leila Seth. :( RIP, madam. You were a hero.
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away .   
Saddened at the passing of Justice Leila Seth. She was a champion of human rights. My condolences to her family.
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first #woman  #judge  of #delhi  High Court, dies at 86. #India
Besides her support for Human Rts,will always remember "Justice Leila Seth" view on Death Penalty -Who am I to take another's life?Am I God?
15 verified accounts helped to turn 'Justice Leila Seth' into a Trending Topic. Some of them: USER_Guha, USER & USER_krishnan
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away -  
 "Justice Leila Seth"
Justice #LeilaSeth, who played key role in anti-rape law, dies at 86  
Deep condolence on the sad demise of Justice Leila Seth,first women judge of Delhi HC & then CJ of HP High Court. May her soul rest in peace
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away at 86 
 #SRHvRPS .  #BiharKaCMShahabuddin .  #DMK4thGeneration .  #PakistanKeDalal .  Justice Leila Seth .  . 2017/5/6 16:45 IST 
Internet Marketing  #Top_Stories Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 
Saddened at the passing of Justice Leila Seth. She was a champion of human rights. My condolences to her family. Rest in peace .
In memory of Justice Leila Seth, an interview with her wise views against...  by #latasrinivasan via USER
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of the Delhi High Court, passes away at her residence in Noida #LeilaSeth
Justice Leila Seth! A bold mother and a compassionate judge who made history, both ways. Atma Shanti!  
RIP Justice Leila Seth.
Justice Leila Seth was one elegant lady. A combination of courage and intelligence and a champion of women's rights. Rest in peace
Justice Leila Seth was one of my role models.  . "On Balance" influenced how I felt about so many things, as a workin 
Justice Leila Seth, you spoke for those who couldn't. And fought voraciously for the rights of women and LGBTQI. RIP 
Justice Leila Seth, 1st woman CJ of state high court, dead .  #news 
#PMOIndia: Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution to the legal field will be remembered. My condol
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away .  . 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman chief justice of state HC, dies at 86 
First woman judge of Delhi High Court - "Justice Leila Seth" .  . OM SHANTI !!!
RIP Justice Leila Seth. Women have lost a true champion.
Trend Alert: 'Justice Leila Seth'. More trends at  #trndnl 
Justice Leila Seth the first women judge of the Delhi high court,  passes away at 86. . Rest in peace the noble soul.
Very sad to know about the tragic demise of Justice Leila Seth. A great jurist, fighter for women's rights and a wonderful human being
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge of State High Court, Mother Of Vikram Seth Dies |  
My condolence on the sad demise of Justice Leila Seth, the first women judge
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dead  
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away  via USER
Justice Leila Seth Know the hourly TOP trends. Visit  for more videos 
Justice (retd) Leila Seth, the first woman chief justice of a state high court in the country has died. 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman High Court Chief Justice, Passes Away : 
PM USER sends condolences on the death of Justice Leila Seth 
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #news #india #stock
Justice Leila Seth was a remarkable woman. RIP.  Here's my 2014 interview with her  USER
An irreparable loss to country n personally -Justice Leila Seth (fondly Leila aunty for me) passes away. May the noble soul rest in peace!
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge of State High Court, Mother Of Vikram Seth is no more.. 
Breaking News: Justice Leila Seth is now Trending top in  India. Visit  
 Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dead - Scroll.in  #CriminalLawyer
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86  
Late Leila Seth was first woman Chief Justice of a High Court, yet she is being reminded on passing away as mother of Vikram Seth !
'What makes life meaningful is love' The remarkable Justice Leila Seth. 
Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies: Justice Leila Seth, the first 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV  RIP..role model and inspiration
In memory of Justice Leila Seth, an interview with her wise views against death penalty 
R.I.P. Leila Seth the first woman judge on the Delhi High Court & the first woman to become Chief Justice of a stat 
First Woman Chief Justice of State High Court dies at 87 Years of age in Noida. . #RIP  . USER USER  . 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away:  - India News | Latest News Headlines & Liv
We are deeply saddened by Justice Leila Seth's demise.She was an exemplar of human rights, a feminist & an ally for 
'Talking of Justice' with Leila Seth- she spoke of uniform civil code and against death penalty 
#RIP- Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 
Ramachandra Guha: Justice Leila Seth was a remarkable human being, an  #TweetsNow, 
Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  via #indilens.com 
#ModiMinistry Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV 
A courageous woman - an inspiration to all.   RIP Justice Leila Seth 
Justice #LeilaSeth 1st woman CJ of state high court, dead #RIP |  
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi H C, member of Verma Committee, passed away.
Justice Leila Seth is one of the reasons why Indian married women can claim inheritance in joint family properties . 
Leila Seth, Indias First Woman Chief Justice Of A High Court Passes Away At 86  
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away  #news #India 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 NDTV 
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away. She was 86 USER
Justice (retd) Leila Seth (86), first woman judge of Delhi High Court, no more  #RIP
J Leila Seth, first woman Chief Justice of high court and mother of internationally acclaimed author Vikram Seth, passes away USER
Saddened at the passing of Justice Leila Seth. She was a champion of human...  
#RestInPeace Justice Leila Seth!.....India has lost one of her finest and boldest judge today...
Justice Leila Seth passed away on Saturday, 6 May 2017. . 
JUST IN: Justice Leila Seth, the first woman to be appointed as judge at Delhi HC, dies aged 86.
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86. 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away -   
Sad to hear about the passing of Justice Leila Seth. Her autobiography was so beautifully told & every time I met her she was lovely & kind.
Justice Leila Seth passes away. Rest in Peace. USER USER
sense of loss #RIP Justice Leila Seth .  . #MustRead book by her . "We, The children of India"
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86 - NDTV: NDTV Justice Leila Seth, First Woman 
Woman of many firsts, RIP Justice Leila Seth! 
Vice President condoles the passing away of Justice Leila Seth  #kashmirtelegraph
Passing away of Justice Leila Seth is the biggest lost to Indian legal fraternity. Her biography "On Balance" is a must read.
#India #National Justice Leila Seth, 1st woman judge of Delhi HC, passes away 
 #SRHvRPS .  #BiharKaCMShahabuddin .  #PakistanKeDalal .  Justice Leila Seth .  #TripuraWelcomesAmitShah .  . 2017/5/6 16:25 IST
Justice (retd) Leila Seth, mother of author Vikram Seth, no more: family.
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, dies at 86. 
Justice Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of a state High court in India. Thank you fr ur contribution,what u did & wht u stood for. RIP
Leila Seth, the first woman to become chief justice of a state High Court, dies. She is novelist Vikram Seth's mother #RIP
Leila Seth, 1st women Delhi HC judge, passes away  
Sad to hear about the demise of Justice Leila Seth. She'll always be an inspiration for female lawyers and a champion of gender equality.
Saddened by passing away of Justice Leila Seth. Her remarkable contribution to legal field will be remembered: PM 
Justice (retired) Leila Seth, first woman judge of the Delhi High Court, passes away at her residence in Noida 
Justice Leila Seth, First Woman Judge Of Delhi High Court, Dies At 86: Justice Leila Seth, the first woman judge of 
#Justice (retd) Leila Seth, mother of author Vikram Seth, no more - family 
RIP Justice Leila Seth - a true inspiration as a mother, rights activist and role model
Inspiration behind the heroine of Vikram Seths Suitable Boy, Justice Leila Seth, died today. My photo tribute. . 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi HC dies  
 Justice Leila Seth, 1st woman CJ of state high court, dead - Outlook India  #CriminalLawyer
Justice Leila Seth 
RIP. What an inspirational woman 
Justice Leila Seth was an exceptional Indian. Condolences, and my namaskarams.  .  . Jai Hind. 
RIP  ma'am  .  . Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi HC. 
Justice Leila Seth, first woman judge of Delhi High Court, passes away 
*copied* . RIP Leila Seth, first women chief justice of a state, defender of rights. Thank you for all that you... 
USER_news My heart felt condolences on the death  Justice(retired) Leila Seth, first women judge of the Delhi High 
Deeply saddened by the tragic demise of Justice Leila Seth . An institution in herself & a champion of women's rights RIP
First woman chief justice of state high court. Leila seth passes away at 86 
A great role model. RIP Justice Leila Seth. 
Ramachandra Guha: Justice Leila Seth was a remarkable human being, an exceptional Indian, a sublime 
RIP Justice Leila Seth, member of Verma committee passed away the day after #Nirbhayaverdict
#lfa Leila Seth, 1st woman Chief Justice of state high court, dead  #nrnhr 
A woman of many firsts...Justice Leila Seth. Had interviewed her in 2015. Here is the link  
Justice Leila Seth, A suitable mother, dare I say, is no more. . Mother of author vikram Seth and the first female... 
Remembering Leila Seth  Judge, Author, Woman Extraordinaire 
My condolence on the sad demise of Justice Leila Seth, the first women judge of Delhi HC & then CJ of HP High Court. Also a grt human being
#Top3Apps for 'Justice Leila Seth' .  . Twitter for Android 45% . Twitter for iPhone 26% . Twitter Web Client 21%
#First_Women . #Chief_Justice . #High_Court . #Leila_Seth . Passes away USER . #RIP 
