 i know  i was listenin to bad habit earlier and i started freakin at his part =[
Layin n bed with a headache  ugh.waitin on your call...
Funeral ceremony.gloomy friday...
wants to hang out with friends SOON!
" We want to trade with someone who has Houston tickets
Re-pinging  why didn't you go to prom? BC my bf didn't like my friends
"I should be sleep
Hm.  is down
 Charlene my love. I miss you
 I'm sorry  at least it's Friday?
cant fall asleep
Choked on her retainers
Ugh! I have to beat this stupid song to get to the next  rude!
 if u watch the hills in london u will realise what tourture it is because were weeks and weeks late  i just watch itonlinelol
Got the news
The storm is here and the electricity is gone
 agreed
So sleepy again and it's not even that late. I fail once again.
 lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know
How are YOU convinced that I have always wanted you? What signals did I give off.damn I think I just lost another friend
 oh too bad! I hope it gets better. I've been having sleep issues lately too
"Wondering why I'm awake at 7am
No Topic Maps talks at the Balisage Markup Conference 2009 Program online at  (via ) #topicmaps
I ate Something I don't know what it is. Why do I keep Telling things about food
so tired and i think i'm definitely going to get an ear infection.  going to bed &quot;early&quot; for once.
On my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers.damn i feel old
"  i'm sorry people are so rude to you
Damm servers still down  i need to hit 80 before all the koxpers pass me
Fudge. Just BS'd that whole paper. So tired. Ugh I hate school.  time to sleep!!
I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT.
It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!
_123 i cant sleep
I missed the bl*y bus!!
feels strong contractions but wants to go out.  
SoCal!  stoked. or maybe not.. tomorrow
Screw you ! I only have 3 weeks...
_radio yeah :S i feel all funny cause i haven't slept enough  i woke my mum up cause i was singing she's not impressed :S you?
I need skott right now
has work this afternoon
 Aw you would not unfollow me would you? Then I would cry
m much better day. so far! it's still quite early. last day of #uds
 &lt;3 your gonna be the first  twitter ;) cause your amazing lol. come to canada  would do anything to see you perform
just picked up her Blackberry from the middle of the street! Both she and it are crushed!
Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something...
 middle school and elem. High schools will remain open for those who need credits to graduate. Cali is broken
"Bed!. its time
" Ahh.  . Well
I'm having a problem with my photo here in twitter amf!.can't see my face!
"
wnna take a bath!!
Chocolate milk is so much better through a straw. I lack said straw
why am i so tired?
 hey yu lil fucker i textd yu
" time diff and i've just been wrapped up in day to day stuff so i havent been tweeting. talk soon
  no way! damn that sucks B!  are you ok?
sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad
"bed.sorta. today was good
 the recession. her hotel are restructuring how the accounts are done. adds a bit more pressure in the short term but we'll cope
 But I got dibs on Sulu...
" Aww  Onward and upwards now
 at once haha.  poor aby still gets sore!
diesel yaris. 70mpg  so sad its not available in the US. That'd be awesome.
I want to buy this great album but unfortunately i dont hav enuff funds  its &quot;long time noisy&quot;
  in all honesty.pain blech.
Ok . the passengers . no one is alive . they're all dead . you just don't know it til the end . then you cry ...
At home alone with not much to do
 ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles.
 i fell asleep on the beach and didn't put on enough sunscreen  lol
So i think my son might have the flu cause I def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  Poor pumkpin
"So great to see Oin &amp; Cynthia.  So happy.  Dinner was great
I cant give  any bday nudges.
.and all woman who transfer their first impressions (sexual/maternal) onto a less 'threatening' man -- are themselves as weak as 'Him'
Brothers Bloom won't be opening this weekend in El Paso.  I'll just buy Brick and enjoy that until I can watch Brothers Bloom.
says I miss plurking.  
"Bitten to blood by my cat
I miss Voobys!
_Monk Neither are ELP!!
"  dude
is sad that shin ae got married.and it wasn't to alex
" Sure you will tweet about this when you're back
 ohh thursday i have exams.. all day  what about wednesday ?
there was a mix up with my dentist appt this afternoon. so they rescheduled me for tomorrow  9am.
"  i was just thinking about how excited i am for you guys to move
"god morning people. sun is out.. definitly spring now
 I love those 'it'sakey' USB sticks. We only have the 4GB in Australia
fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw
dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code
 i am jealous of your mom talking to . i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you
I can't sleep.I keep thinking about the puppy I played with today
.. I'm suposed to be sleep. But i got some much to do. &amp; i got that one part of the song stuck in my head &quot;your a jerk (iknow)&quot;  blaahh
 what's going on sweetheart?
"How can it be so freaking difficult to get a system-wide spellchecker? Shit
"Last one month due to summer
 work at 6am. Gotta go to bed soon
 correct! I ADORE him. I just plucked him up and put him under my arm cuz he was cryin.  All better now! Hahaha
 hi im on my ipod.i cant fall asleep
dont wanna work 11-830 tomorrow  but i get paid
feels sad coz i wasnt able to play with the guys!  
PrinceCharming
 cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore. a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS
First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to  no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )
 You win . SIGH Rakeem
Oh is that time for real?
Darn these allergies! I don't like this time of year because of this! I never used to have this problem either
Oh no one minute too late! Oh well
"_star Damn
 i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore. a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS
 THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS! When i opened it more windows kept POPPING up
ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!
"I wish she knew what she puts me through..She stole my heart
is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me
  That was stone cold Crazy.  ?
i'm so tired
shift time  bbye biochem wah!! 
 I'm sure some1 will cum out and play. I'm workin through til midnight.
 I second that. I wish it rained more where I am
 early happy day of birth in case I don't make it! Very tired from therapy today n just taking my medicine!  misshu! Love ya!
damn it were is Eric or anyone else when you need your hair to be played with
I'm feel deflated. Ugh. No more dog.
Allergies suck ducks nuts. &lt;=8=&gt;
Well it almost was a good day. Guess I just retry tomorrow
 Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little!  re: waraku
 sounds good. Appreciate the suggestion. Been a week now and we're still offline  Time to ask for a refund...
" He died.  Wait
  youstinkatrespondingtotexts!
wonders why her Karma points turned into 0.00.  
"Need to pack for CALI CALI! Cannot wait! Thinking a glass of wine is in order to celebrate my weekend vaca. Still work 2morrow
Is miserable  i feel like im gona cry  sux!
 well I ran out of beer so I left. Not sure about the ETA. Waiting waiting waiting. Bleh  Gonna be a long nite methinks.
$#! My nose stud fell out and I can't find it  Looks like I'll have to head into Amsterdam today and get a new one
"claire  love the show
Pats in philly at 2 am. I love it. Mmm cheesesteak.  Miss my boyfriend but I love vacation.
*sigh* I'm going to bed. I just don't feel right anymore...
What? I focused on Tom so much I didn't see my beloved Barack! Oh no! I must vote for both! Poor president only has 626 votes.
 EpiCentre Wheelock Place - tourists only..
Now I am depressed after watching so you think you can dance
"Just cross 'cause I'm stuck twiddling my thumbs now
miss 16'th
" I know. But like I said
"I cant sleep
  - Awe! I miss my baby
 just answered you- never learned how to write in French- just basic stuff-
what is it with chocolates? i just can never say no
Achieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome
_radio i'm too awake now  ill have a nap this afternoon
 i cant do anything
still needs another 6 hours of sleep
I'm at work
RIP leonardo. You were a great mini fiddler crab
"Morning tweeple
"Last day working for the Uni today
" thanks neemah. I'm gonna be so close to you and izzy
My head hurts so bad I could scream!
i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain
New work wellness challenge not going well.  I committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  Failed on first day.  Twice
New blog post: [Blog] auto insuran.: I just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( I am too careless  .) .. Meanw ...
"where are all ma bestfriends at ? 
oh men!.I really can't see my face.c'mon guys!!!
"I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last week
my sole supporter is not my sole supporter
don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time
 urgh stop it guys
is still missing her husband. I really want him home.
I miss my puppy
"2 days of this month left
 Up is out?  I didn't get the memo It looks amazing.
 I've given up on pizza - kids would never let me have my fav  (the hot ones)
Up reading tabloids about other people's lives.thinking what I'm gonna do with mine when my baby leaves?
 yearling in pet home died. very sad for their whole family
fun in the sun hm hell no it's cold
I got a giant splinter stuck up underneath my finger nail today at Muppets.it hurt.  But I got to go to First Aid for the first time!
" We hate change
is feeling sad. for some reason..  
well fuck- this new pain med has an odd warning that actually applies to me. i can't take this. -chan is displeased.
just uploaded my new blog. a painful story about an 80s year old man who cried because he wanted to die. very sad
 i don't think so.  I WANT DETAILS.
 Hi.! Who is Mary Poppins???
" Its so addicting
my last tweet didn't send  bad phone
  OMG Ur alive! LOL  2day has gone so slow  I'm going insane Gr You doing anything tonight?
Have a headache  I'm going to bed. Goodnight!
  I was watching Parental Control
" did you get them from california vintage? ahahah they have the BEST dresses
I just saw pics from this past Thanksgiving and am sad because Grandma was in them.
 it wont let me
Took a shift tomorrow. I don't really feel like working right now.
but now i have no money for a phone
Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted.
 9 days  I'm about ready to visit Torchwood and see if they've heard anything
_morley where are you? In Bris? I can't hear any thunder
"bec vs fat food - winner = fat food  but not this weeknend
Too bad the Red Devils.. disappointing to say the least
I had a dream about a pretty pretty beach and there was no beach when I woke up
" Have a 3ware 9650SE
when da heck will the garage man get here I ask you.. WHEN..
"Ate Mandy
 Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because ew.
why are plane tickets so expensive
()  Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because ew.
Needs a job BADLY!!!
 damn I do wish I was there.
Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job. The person I needed to speak to is on holiday.  #fb
_hime I played up until the latter parts of the voodoo village part co-op until I lost my usual partner
 Nite. Now I'm up n bored as opposed to almost sleep frm b 4
is a bad friend
 happy birthday! hope you have an awesome day. didn't see you at next last night!
 im doing that shit right now . im on vacation and you got me workin
 ill be over in an oir
 guess its a no go girlie. I'm still at the gym and work at 6:30am
would wish the severe migrains would stop! doc's prescriptions arent working
 i missed the game
" No internet last night; ER was brill
 cuz airlines are super lame.
 - Still a pity it comes with no lamb though
  I'm sorry to hear that. Here is my optimist: Things will get better. For all of us.
"is done painting all the bedroom furniture
I'm so very tired.and have insomnia.
 A hungry fool. Ill probably never see that Krispy Kreme again. Had to enjoy it. They closing down
 airport? and you didnt show up tonight homo!
"I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports
 what about me
"Looking for desktop twitter app that will actually let you access URLs
people in my house do not know how to close doors
Why am I completing facebook quizzes at this time of the morning. especially a friday morning
out with  &amp;  i am so hungry
 I don't like the possibility of the left side of my brain hurting because of the thing called a VP shunt and possible death
Had to cancel wow for now
wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio
 But yeah.I'm sad about my &quot;Ravenclaw&quot; account. I love that account to bits.
"It's 1:15 AM
__sugar oh no  i am always here ;) &lt;3
back from school. Ms Suhana's last day as our FT  OCU was okay. I'm playing ALTNOY over and over again.
 poll : was trying to get it to work in a powerpoint to no avail.
"took a math test today. The day before the test
"omg
" yeah
Up late with nothin 2 do..
i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy
" i was watching Harpers Island
i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!
" would have been better
#3wordsaftersex it never started...
sometimes i wish things could go back to the way they were the beginning of last summer
"I downloaded the new twitterfon update thinking they were fixing the typing problem for new tweets
 Trudy's off Burnet.the one up north that no one goes to
" I feel the same way
"I Can`t do 30 minutes of Treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already
i'm so confused
"With friends like VaikO
"Work day 7 of 7
Chillin with the roomies. Can't wait for the zombie CLWN CR. Its gonna be 6-8 weeks
"I love guitars
" No refunds but they do retrieve accounts
 no im not  cries LOL
Cute Malay girl came to seemy room for rent - sadly think it was for her guyfreind bit misleading and disappointing LOL
" EpiCentre Wheelock Place
I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time.
Come on Knight. It's been well over 4 hours
not super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with
 aw u can't let me in on the secret!
" Im sorry  I don't think I stick out
"no transport for church  wont be making it
"i HATE when i see pregnant women smoking! its so irresponsible n selfish! its sad. ultimately
Lies.lies.lies.you just cant avoid to lie about practically.EVERYTHING!
twittascope is NOT rocking my socks - go away already!!
Driving Back home because I forgot the piece of cake for _era
 so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  
"Everytime I send an email to my coach
It's pissing me off and not letting me follow ericka
Is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear him say Good Night but that didn't happen  Good Night everyone..
my mums trying to make me feel ebtter about stopping voting adn not winning shortstack. i almost cried.
 i was so close to the tacos.one spot too late
_rockstar umm how bout em?..aint get 2 see da game  but i see dey survived anotha game of da series due to notin but Lebron im guessin
is thinking so much and i'm at work
I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook
I haven't seen Muffin in two whole days!
 i'll miss y'all back. give  my regards...
my gap year is going so quick
"I have to admit
 girl a blunt is so in my thoughts right now. I had an absolutly GREAT day with a few stressors.come home
my twitter has been hacked again
Just found mj mouse flats at DJs. Of course there are none left in my size
 i wont have time to buy  and i need a new binder pa
  hahaha well its try its so ugly
25-man Ulduar is hard...
" I don't even want to know WHY you know about VHEMT
 That's awesome! We have that this weekend too but I can't go because I'm moving this Sat.  I should be a lot of fun though
night night twitter world. [still cant believe the thomas thing  tomorrow's gunna be FUN/SAD]
_oats this is happening to me too
_tah oh no.  *hugs*
" bored now because i was talking to someone but now they're busy with something else  just kinda a bummer
 i knoww  things won't be the samee &lt;/3
"OMG-ness it's 11:18 pm and I need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8am
 i kno i do! yall partyin with out me
"Okay
ugh.. my dad just told me to read an article about Kavya Shivashankar the spellin bee girl..and be more like her.
Decided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn I get from the curler! My hands covered  I suck at it!
Going to sleep. Gonna fall asleep playing apps again. Tmrw is going to suck
  YEA I GOTTA BE UP AT 7:30
I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend
I can't believe the Metal Gear Solid song was stolen I'm so disappointed  
think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight.thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!
"Not one sale done today at work. Explored balconies in the big theater w coworkers. A fun day
  I wish I had Left 4 Dead. But first I'd need something to play it on...
 me too
 that story reminds of living in Portugal
"  youre diabetic? so is my dad.  &amp; i might be too
I spilled my beer all over my leg. Wasted half my beer.  Home now. I met a cute girl. Good conversation.
my roommate _tickle loves to ignore me
  I'll make him nachos tomorrow. Better than if he would have made them himself.
 yeah. &amp;dont judge my pillow
"Scary lightning and thunder  I'm glad it's over now. Going to sleep
my teeth and head hurts
I HATE rob zombie movies. &amp; the smell of weed. Vom.
" Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography
Waiting in line  tryst
Hope I get a job cuz we need an apartment. I'm drunk &amp; miss my lil punkin  TEHE!!!
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover
I need to be held.  Gnite.
"Hanging out with sam
no more arrested development. i am sad.
"_xo  wicked 
omg i keep losing followers this is so sad  i want 90 one day.thats my goal ;D
I feel so deflated. No more doggy.
_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?
"I just had to empty my trash on the mac. that was one of THE MOST DIFFICULT things I have ever done in my life. 8
im contacting PAWS Philippines so i can find &quot;tiger&quot; a new owner. im so sad. i love my dog soo much
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to be over
Aww.  Pray for the arroyo family everyone!
_babsi there's a manual process. but it's taking 4ever on my outlook database. pf. crappy msft product
Fudge. Movie store is closed
ALO is so sad and quiet and empty tonight
" Hahahaha! It's not horrible
 You never answered your DM I sent you. I need your info...
Am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. Oh gosh  Pass the tissue...
 Aw where are you headed to? i just cancelled my trip to Aussie
I have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!!
 I didn't think anyone caught that
I need to be sleeping.. But i'm not even tired..
0
OH NEVERMIND I THINK THIS THING IS UNSALVAGEABLE
"lyin in bed
Sad that Christian Lacroix had to file bankruptcy
I dont feel good AT ALL. fuckkk
why did i agree to work a double shift
looks like i'll never go to the zoo
 Ohh poor girl  I'll email her. I am relying on you being here in October Mr!!
When will Medhurst play again?
 bad times?
aarrgghh - fu*k.a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor
Have to go to the dreaded DMV tomorrow
 I'm a bit Ben's Thai-ed out
english class! working on interactive orals
 Thank you for the rec but that doesn't work
  I'm sorry. Excited for tomorrow night? Karaoke!! Getting anything special for bday?
My puppy Gizmo h8s me..  haha. He still growls  me.  I always look back  my long pruple scar on my fingie
I don't know how ima work out tomorrow wit my body dis sore  ugh
in 7-11  w/o you
" Yeah
I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this.
Taylor Swift and Joe Jonas looked really good together. I'm kinda sad they broke up.
I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts.
"Lady across the way had a miscarriage
God I just want to sleep.
 oh thunderstorms.boo  why do they always have to make the power go out??
I feel so deflated. No more doggy.
Found my book. Starting a real paper-bound journal tonight. Have an annoying zit above my lip. Makes me look like I have herpes
"RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE..ONE THING SUCKED
is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum
 But but I dun wanna
 damn girl I'm so down but ya gotta let me know so I can get my kit together &amp; I got a flyer  Any next weekend? I&quot;M DOWN!
" dbl bo for being sick
 thats what i was thinking but the only time it's gonna be on is 1 am!
"Peeps still here. Fun times. Gotta sleep tho. Work in the A.M. Some cool
don't feel like working  I think I tweet this too often!
feels sick to my stomach and idkk whyy
vineri.nimic special sau probabil un alt weekend pierdut...
Counting the hours of lost sunshine until the Weekend
 - dude i just saw your SF pics. looks like your mini excursion was pretty kick ass! didn't see any sun while i was there tho
is home.  safely. but hungry
"_jodie Um
"got to final table
good morning work this morning gutted lol nevermind
I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!
FB is boring and i wanna sing RIGHT NOW..! *-*
  The link doesn't work
 hahaha I don't know anyone or anything about it except they have powers lol. I live in my own bubble
The humpalow um ya I think so. Cell is dying
Last day at work.Sick to the bone
i feel like I'm on house arrest.
"love is like a war
 ur supposed to be in BK tho
 Did you know that there is a shortage of shells for crabs to use on the beach due to beach combers? It is very sad
Oh no!  Nighty night.
 Must. have. new music. I won't sleep until you give us Chapter 1. I might die first though.  Hurry!
my stupid toth hurts
 love the song &quot;together&quot;. that's &quot;his&quot; song for me.well i think it's still is
Ready To Go  School
 my computers broken and I broke my laptop so I had to use the phone  ahh still on he cause they fucked up my order.
_Gable It's good isn't it! Our holiday chalet is out of sight but look v similar to those ones. Going home again today
It's a sad economy. Just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. But just a reminder that...
 I'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages
my dog ran awayyy
_is_one84 Those suck so bad.
"I'm back. top molar extracted  swollen face
"just finished 8 hours of Texas Life Insurance CE tonight
does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helpp
I want to go to Peru this summer ah! Hopefully! Yesyesyes! I miss it over there!!!
 what happen to the maids of yours? Quit once again? ...
I'm awake. Anybody else awake? Wish I lived in the US since all the fun happens when I'm asleep!
At Charle's with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer.
_J heehee. i love you! i am tired.
my mobile phone refuses to charge!!  either the battery is broken or the charger ( boo
 oh how i wish you would get her to sign something then send it