I've found it but I've also found other tunnels.
Good night friends!!
See yaaaa tomarrow.
The tingling of my fingers.
The fog that replaces my brain.
Almost past the tv.
I can only imagine my face looks like those people who try to throw their soul away.
I just came back yesterday from California.
I stayed at my best friends Ginny's house.
Here are some pics!!!
You don't know their middle name or the age of their sister.
Yet you know things about them that not even their parents know, and it doesn't matter.
They manage to save you're life without actually ever seeing you.
They don't care how pretty you are or what clothes you wear.
*flails* At least it's not the unable to say anything gig that I had with Erik.
I want to get to know him and know more about him.
We had one last semester and now we have one this semester.
Hellhammer did a lot of family time this event.
When someone fake throws something and you move out of instint so fast, that you have easily been missed, you get made fun of for it.
well, sort of.
My manager also went to throw a fake punch.
The speed was pretty fast, but I was too fast for him, and had it blocked easy.
I didn't even mean to.
All I know was stuff is moving, do this.
I even sometimes think I need more tables.I did get to pick up some tables during the rush.
I made 23% of what I sold last night.
Granted, I did get stiffed once, but thats okay because it happens.
This is how most friday and Saturday nights go.
From now on, to me Friday the thirteenth will mean the opposite of what it means to most people.
And Mr. Dude has agreed to let me take some photos of him.
I didn't get around to it last night, but I will, and he is quite the little photogenic looking type.
Last night I watched Ricou Browning's bleak exploit actioner Mr. No Legs on my laptop while watching G.H. Clouzot's terse, relentless The Wages of Fear on the plasma.
Lowbrow/highbrow bifurcation, anyone?
To pencil in those few vacant nanosecs I read Dennis Perrin's Mr. Mike: The Life and Work of Michael O'Donoghue.
Earlier, I sped past the finale of Frank Rich's The Greatest Story Ever Sold.
My head is a WMD, and my hard drive is naught but night soil.
Drat.
Click here for the New York Times' obit.
He directed the seminal Battle of Algiers and shortly thereafter, Burn!, which starred Marlon Brando.
Burn!
is far more confounding, but its flaws fail to obsure a provocative subtext.
Get 'em and watch alongside Click, or New York Minute.
Everything will soon become clear.
Here is a recent interview of Abhishek Bachchan and the man talks about his latest career developments, his dad and of course the remake Sholay: Some excerpts from the MSN site.
On Dad And His Birthday
But the Legion Of Honour comes a close second."
Earlier, I believe Satyajit Ray got it.
It just shows that Indian cinema is making inroads into the West.
It is high time the world stood up and recognised Indian cinema.
And they are doing precisely that.&quot;
On Ram Gopal Varma&apos;s Sholay:
Every filmmaker has the creative right to carry his vision into whatever area he chooses.
But I think Ramus Sholay will be a brilliant interpretation of Ramesh uncle (Sippy)s classic."
"Therell always be naysayers.
Thats right, only 2 more until showtime!!!
It will also be very technical as we work out kinks in the show with props and lighting.
I don't know if anyone read the blog I posted last night.
I stand by what I said in that I don't know if I'm going to be filming ever again.
It wasn't meant to be that way, but it was.
I don't know when or if I will end up seeing anyone again but please know that I can understand if you don't want to see me again.
I really don't know how you put up with me.
Hey all !!
im sitting here listeing to Hinder:Lips of an Angel.
It was really cold tho.
but it didn't snow like it said it was suppost to but ne way.
they need a bigger dance floor lmao.
And after the dance Me,Lyssa,Kayla,Matt,Mary,and Lauren all went bowling for about an hour cause lauren had to be home at a certain time.
We were all in our homecoming dresses still.
yea well im gonna go now.
Ill be puting pics up soon.
whenever i can.
Grace Danielle was born Wendsday, October 11, 2006 at 11:48 AM.
Shw weighed 7 lbs 5 oz and is 20.5 inches long.
After the doctor on Tuesday, I cleaned house, played basketball and soccer with Levi, then went to Amanda's to sit and talk with her while she moved in.
They were like 4-5 minutes apart.
Except she dosen't look a THING like me. Everyone seems to think she has alot of Daniel in her.
But anyways.
I'll be putting more pictures up probably sometime this week so keep your eye out for the AMAZING GRACE!!!
My name is ashley.
I go to archbishop Ryan high school.
Im a senior.
I want to go to CCP when i graduate and take up a career in either nursing or ultrasound technician.
Right now i have my permit i can get my liscence in feb. I have a car but i need a job in order to pay for my insurance so i cant drive it yet.
Thats about it if you want to know anything else about me just let me know.
it was a tough game to play though.
then yesterday, the tournament in ajax.
thought we coulda beat them.
annnd this morning we beat  gl roberts.
i learned a lot about the game
and about me i guess?
didn't get a lot of points but had a lot of assists =)
his dog was sooo cute.
o'connor monday?
anyway.
i'm kinda in that zone now.
i don't know why.
i didn't think the focus was there but it is there now.
Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting
live life with no regrets.
Even it maybe means i won't see you screen again.
Crossposting from my message board, cuz I'm lazy.
So I went to spend the night at Irvine's Eye Patch's place.
I can't remember all the little details or they just don't make much sense.
o_o
being fixed up.
BUT HEY.
WHAT ARE DREAMS FOR?
I totally didn't want to wake up, I can say that.
XD
So yeah, I just had to share that.
XD I wish I remembered the details better.
;_;
(I did see some Fuzors figurines for like.
RD, Sweet and someone else while that lady was doing my hair.
i've wanted to since i first heard about it.
i got a copy for my birthday.
i think it's just what i need right now-- something long and somewhat chewy.
It seriously took my 4 hours to fall asleep for like one half-hour then 10 minutes in between each of those little episodes.
I don't want to do anything here.
I don't want to go on a hike or anything at all.
I just want to go home.
I could have danced with you.
Kiss my hair.
All that stuff I just have to imagine or dream up for now.
And I couldn't even dream last night, so now I'm deprived of that.
I want to go home.
I think I almost know deserts and Salads already and Im getting familiar with Fry.
They schedule me for Pantry whihc is like aps salads prep helper guy Im not exactly sure what my job is but I work the whole time Im there.
I ate some Bison yesterday it was boss.
I got a B on my German Lit Test.
My gigantic art history text book is lying open on my bed, revealing the Etruscan Art chapter I've been leafing through.
Various books on Classical Greek art are stacked about my room, waiting to be used for my Classical Civ essay.
The Baghavad Gita, the divine dialogue between Arjuna and Krishna, is also waiting to be re-read.
I've left my Apollodorus Library of Greek Mythology on my bedside table, having just finished Jason and the Argonauts.
My parents were either really clever or entirely oblivious towards the humor of my name and my brother's: Jason, Greek, a mythic hero.
Amanda, Latin, the verb "to love".
Two names of classical antiquity for two students studying.
Humanities.
Most of the actors are graduates or working in their own theatre company, so maybe some networking will come of this.
The point of this spiel was
I can't imagine my bedroom without all these books
And by extension
barely touching upon these cultures and these texts.
I had bought him a flask with the Latin inscription Te Amo on it.
He had bought me a statue of the
I spent a couple of hours on a trip last night/this morning in the early am.
The light of the wanning moon was pale, but after the rainfall of the evening, the wetness gave the darkness a bright shimmering contrast of pale blue silver.
I spoke with the Earth, the sky and everything I feel is real.
There are so many things we think we know, convince ourselves are real.
Heh.
we claim that our perception of reality is real.
In style of zen Buddhism, I say that we are all wrong, the monkey is god, and apples are the truth.
Of course they are.
Phil
p.s. Where did my sanity go?
Actually, I think I dropped it in a bottomless puddle last night.
So I'm sittin' at the C Dubs bar right now on Chun's computer typing a blog to update all you people out there!
So Adam and I went to App State to go hiking.
Other than that, as usual, I've been working like whoa.
I'm broke like whoa, but I'm still working.
As a matter of fact she called me this morning and told me that she was going to Upstate New York to go to her cabin.
Other than all of this I'm still trying to move upstairs, and it looks like Tuesday will be the day.
We'll see though, it keeps changing!
Hope all is well in your worlds!
Keep It Real And Live Good,
I can honestly say my views of the world I live in changed while in high school.
Even though I had began participating more in the Catholic church while in junior high, it wasn't until I were about 15 when I began to take a more active role in the church.
I remember being so impressed, with the youth programs of the other parishes in my area, and the stong bond that everyone had withen their own groups, regardless of the social status of each person.
When they were together everyone was equal.
Which was such a contrast when compared to the small group I belonged to.
I began pushing for the group to start doing more for themselves and for everyone else that was around them.
We began to help serve lunches at the local Loaves &amp; Fishes,  volunteer work for the school at our parish, offer lodging for other traveling youth groups.
There were also other various events that I ended up doing on my own, due to the lack of interest from others in my group.
I remember doing endless fundraisers for almost everything we did.
There were national events for Catholic youth that were able to attend, religious retreats, missionary work, and myself and a very few others were selected to goto a Christian leadership program that was offered at the time.
See, the whole time that I was trying to develop my own faith, attending events with other parishes, and all the work I did with my own group.
I actually thought I was making a difference.
Everyone has been given a gift in life.
Some people are quite talented in the arts, some have awesome talent in athletics, and some have been gifted with beauty.
Simply by just listening to them speak, and more often just being in someones presence has been known to have the answer someone is looking for to just dawn on them.
How can being popular be a problem?
and then it happened.
I am sitting here with head phones on and listening to music.
My son.
he's 12 is upstairs practicing his trombone.
This is his first year in band.
I can hear it thru the headphones and over the music im listening to.
Every now and then.
I really have alot of hope for my son.
Perhaps a nice hot bubble bath and a bottle of rum would help.
My husband who was not going to work today.
decided to go to work.
How nice for him.
But.
I wonder how long he will practice for?
We went shooting in our regular spot out in the desert behind this mountain.
(Mike, James, Victoria and I.)
(look at my pics).
(Leslie, Steve, Mark, Aj, and Josh.)
My bro is leaving for Iraq again and, well, you know how that goes.
(well, it could have been better if.
well you know.
Ok. Here is how yeterday went.
after school I went home and got ready to go the the Homecoming parade.
Joe and Matt picked me up and took me over there.
I rode on the firetruck w/ the cheerleders and v-ball players.
I threw Mardi Gras Beads at Matt and Joe.
after that we went to Wal-mart and walked around.
then went home and got ready for the game.
:) At the game.
the band perfomed.
but yea.
Here I am again!
Broadcasting this time from the New World.
It's been a solid half year since I sent word out, and I will now attempt to encapsulate the last six months into one last epic email.
So, to the task!
Well.
where did we leave off?
I believe it was April, and spring had just arrived.
I'll start my narrative with a little anecdote about how small the world really is. So I was going to work one day, headed to one of the hostels around Berlin to pick people up for the tour, and then bring them back to the Brandenburg Gate where the tour starts.
I had never been to this particular hostel before, and as I entered and gave my little spiel about the tour and asked if anyone wanted to come along, I was met not with a roar of enthusiasm from the hostel residents, but rather a few dull, glass-eyed looks and was generally ignored.
As I was preparing to leave, one guy over at the computers yelled out for me to wait, approached me and said hello.
He had arrived twenty minutes beforehand at the hostel, hadn't even checked in yet, and just happened to be in the lobby when I was.
So he just took his backpack with him and came on my tour.
The rest of April passed rather uneventfully, and in May I went to see a production of Faust Part I at the Deutsches Theater.
It's moments like that that remind me why I've chosen theatre as a profession.
My next big adventure was a trip I took to London at the end of May. I had never been before, and had been planning on this trip for about six months.
I saw most of the major sites on my own, and I went to the theater almost every night I was there.
It was nice to understand that, just wish I didn't have to experience it first hand.
While in London I also saw Coriolanus at the Globe Theater.
Shakespeare, old school.
Especially the British Museum.
Great East London accents.
Soooo many monuments, including two statues in front of Buckingham Palace that had a conspicuous Communist message.
It was a worker with a hammer and a peasant woman with a sickle situated behind Queen Victoria's back , and glowering at the palace.
Now maybe I was just reading too much into this, or maybe I had spent too much time in the eastern bloc talking about Communist symbolism.
But I don't' think so.
next time you're in Wellington, watch out for the Kiwi Commies!
After London came the World Cup.
Now I have a confession to make: before the World Cup began I had actually never seen an entire soccer game from start to finish.
That changed very quickly.
I didn't have tickets to any of the games, but my group of friends would always go to a cafe or bar of the nationality that was playing to watch the match.
And let me tell you how good the World Cup was for Berlin as a city, and Germany as a nation.
Now this merits explaining: before the World Cup began, if you waved a German flag in the streets, you would probably be called a Nazi and at the very least labeled as a radical right wing nutter.
You have to understand that the Germans have had a really difficult time with their national identity (and subsequently national pride or patriotism of any kind) since the Second World War.
So.
In fact the entire month of June was one continuous debate in the media between prominent politicians, celebrities, writers (such as Guenther Grass and Christa Wolf), and other intellectuals about the meaning, origin and impact of this nationalism.
And of course no one can laboriously dissect an idea better than the Germans.
But the general consensus after five weeks of debate was that the newfound national pride was a positive thing.
In June I had also been training at work to lead tours of Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp, which I started at the end of the month.
This camp, about 40 miles north of Berlin was the second major camp to be opened in the Nazi system, and was also used by the Russians after the war to intern former Nazi's and anyone else deemed an 'enemy of the state'.
Given the dark history of such a place you can well imagine the difficulty of retelling that information, and trying to put it into some kind of historical context.
I ended up doing tours out there for the duration of the summer.
The occasion was that a good friend of mine from North Texas, Jessica, was playing the title role in Medea at a theater festival there.
I was planning on going to Greece sometime anyway, so we spent three days in Athens, and two and a half in Cyprus.
Take your impression of a squalor-filled Mediterranean capital, and add this to your image: 10 story apartment buildings everywhere, in 100 degree heat, all cooled by wall-mounted air conditioners, a.k.a. swamp boxes.
Now take into account that said air conditioners are mounted on the windows, sticking out over the street.
Now add a couple of poorly placed ancient columns.
But it was close.
But two days back to back was more than enough.
We took a day trip out to Sunion, the very tip of Greece, to see the temple of Poseidon.
It took us about two hours to get out there, and then we climbed around and played on the rocks for about an hour, taking pics of the magnificent old temple ruin that is literally clinging to the cliff face.
And of course this just enhanced the magic of the sunset, as the red orb of  the sun ever so slowly retreated behind the furthest hill.
Just FYI.
They also bake bread for you on the plane so that your in flight meal is fresh.
Not bad.
We spent pretty much the whole day (outside of a decadent lunch at the beach house) in the water.
Tomorrow we'll go somewhere special."
And they weren't kidding.
The next morning, the last day of the festival, they piled us all into four wheel drive vehicles, and took us off the map to an area that I will henceforth be labeling The Blue Lagoon.
What's more, we had the whole place to ourselves.
Our hosts had brought along a lunch of fresh fruit and we broke our fast on a cliff overlooking the whole gorgeous expanse.
They make their own very strong coffee, and Haloumi cheese, which we were told (a hundred different times by all the little old ladies) was goat cheese.
But not feta.
Haloumi.
Haloumi has nothing to do with Feta.
Don't ever mistake Haloumi for Feta, or you might have a flock of barely intelligible Cypriot grammas spend half an hour pinching your cheek and explaining the difference in broken Greco-English.
After returning from Greece my last few weeks in Berlin passed very quickly.
I was leading loads of tours, and working on a short film I was directing.
The time flew by and before I knew it, August was at an end and my doorstep was graced by my best friend Lance, who had come to Berlin for my last week.
Lance and I spent the better part of the next three days lounging around Zurich and drinking in Switzerland.
People say London or Paris is expensive; no.
Zurich is expensive.
But we didn't let that discourage us.
After our detox detour en Suisse, we headed via night train to Paris.
It's called the city of love and light for a reason.
So many public spaces, parks museums, gardens.
And people are out in them all the time.
So we went across the street to the park, it was about 2:00 pm.
There were people all over the place, and lots of benches and chairs.
We noticed that about half of the chairs were slanted at a 45 degree angle.
We found out when we headed over to two of these chairs that were situated in the shade, and plopped down.
They were perfect for taking a catnap.
We looked around and noticed that there were lots of people all over the park, in the municipal nap chairs, taking a snooze.
Well, when in Rome.
so we did the same.
Had a little hour sleep, got back up and headed back into the colossal Louvre for another few hours.
What other city would use tax payer dollars to provide napping chairs in a public park?
6 were petty thieves and the seventh was a boy whose father had sent him there for a few weeks as  disciplinary measure.
Montmartre, the old bohemian artist district, five minutes from the Sacre Coeur Cathedral.
Every night after dinner we'd climb the hill to the cathedral and sit on the steps.
The Cathedral is the highest point in Paris, and from its northerly vantage point, you have the entire city spread out at your feet.
Upon arrival back in the states, we changed clothes and went directly to a Counting Crows concert, which was my birthday present from Lance.
Thus, is my two year Grande Tour at an end.
It took me to 11 different countries and incalculable new experiences.
I've returned ready for a fresh start, collecting new experiences on this side of the pond.
The last few weeks I've been in Lubbock, trying to readjust to life in America and spending lots of time with my family.
And though my European adventure is over (for the moment) my American one starts tomorrow.
I'm moving to Chicago Sunday morning, in the hopes of getting started there as an director and performer.
There was  a lot to pack in.
I'll be in New York for New Year's, so if you're going to be in that area, let me know and we'll ring it in together.
All the best till we meet again!
So.
first day of school.
Yeah.
My classes all seem fine.
Except math.
Honestly, while I was dating the child, I barely saw him in school.
Now, I see him all the time, and I'm pretty sure he'll be right outside the door my photography room after class every day for the rest of this trimester.
Unless Brandon and Meg break up, that is.  Which is unlikely, so I shouldn't even hope on that one.
I have recieved homework in four of my seven classes.
AP World is going to be the hardest thing I'll ever do (academically, anyway).
Ah, well.
It's nothing a strong woman such as myself cannot handle with a little bit of DragonForce and mental pep talks.
("You can deal with this, Nyssa.
I have looked forward to this year even before last year ended.
This is the year where everything happens.
This is the year when I get to test myself: my mind, my body, and myself.
This is my first year where I am truly Nyssa Jane Towsley.
I have recieved homework in four of my seven classes.
AP World is going to be the hardest thing I'll ever do (academically, anyway).
Ah, well.
It's nothing a strong woman such as myself cannot handle with a little bit of DragonForce and mental pep talks.
("You can deal with this, Nyssa.
I have looked forward to this year even before last year ended.
This is the year where everything happens.
This is the year when I get to test myself: my mind, my body, and myself.
This is my first year where I am truly Nyssa Jane Towsley.
Edit:
I need to just.
Paul.
I think I'd really like to talk to you right now.
Blar.
at least they punched holes in it) that is my BIO lab course "book."
AND we're required to have this new kind of remote control clicker which none of the libraries have for (free) check out, so I have to pay $20 (+$12.50 activation fee) for something that doesn't work consistently, eats batteries, and will provide me with 3 and a half months of use.
That's like, four or five or more meals!
Or a new pair of jeans!
Or two meals in Europe.
Can you tell I buy books with my own money?
They pay room and board, and tuition and that's it.
Which is the bulk of my expenses, but I'm paying for my food outside of campus meal plan food, and my books, and whatever else I need.
So I guess that counts for something.
Dr. Roy, my prof for BME 314 expects us to have taken an Anatomy/Physiology class at some point in our lives.
I haven't.
Matt and I decided that BME really isn't a good undergrad major, there's a reason it's generally proposed as a Master's degree.
I mean, we already need 133 (ish) hours to graduate which, for you non college people, is about 8-10 more than any engineering major and more than that more for a non engineering major.
In addition to that, we keep encountering classes where the professor expects you to have taken general classes that you haven't (the anatomy/physiology is one, and thermodynamics is another one that Matt is having a problem with).
I need to find a good time/place where I can go pray and unwind.
I dont' know where that is yet.
Ok. I'm feeling somewhat better now.
I'm going to finish my book before I go to bed.
I think I spent the better part of two hours reading today.
I learned that the Life Sciences library in the main building has exceedingly comfortable couches Anyhoo.
I spose I'm off for now.
wherever.
These are all unlikely, but they happen.
I see it everyday on the news.
My mortality is nothing new, but I constantly have to ponder what I desire to take, achieve, or feel in this life.
Should I strive to be in someone's history book as the dude that invented.
rebuilt.
destroyed.
saved.
rescued.
wrote.
governed.
I could live in a suburban house environment with a family, a few cars, a boat, and a dog in the back yard?
Should I travel to faroff places that have interested me? England, France, Norway, Sweden, Lebanon, Israel, the Vatican?
Or should I sink my money into trying to acquire more and live in a Parade of Homes house with yuppie vehicles in the front, a Mastercraft boat with a huge ski rack, the list can go on and on.
What happens when I die?
Does an afterlife really exist?
That's one hour a week.
Should I start devoting myself to God, if there is such a being, in hopes of making it to Heaven?
Different songs keep on playing.
Their distractions were very limited.
For the laziness in me, I feel compelled to fold my laptop, plug it in, and simply watch, but this whole trainwreck, a malformed offspring of a feeble mind, has to come to an end somehow.
The first words that come to mind are "in closing" or "to conclude", and then I quickly write a summary of what I just finished writing.
Maybe I should stop in mid sentence, just to
Its all official, we sorted it out at the civic centre on Friday.
I have the foresight of Supernanny and Honey we're killing the kids etc to thank as well as my own morals and my parents and peers too.
Its a funny old game life, but I think I am one step closer to understanding its purpose and meaning now.
what is happiness
can you buy it?
can it be sold?
can you get there and back on a half tank of gas?
I think you can.
We are all essentially the same person.
other then physical attributes - what really makes us so different from one another.
Theoretically.
is there anything that Einstein did that I couldn't do.
we both have the same tools (a brain) so why can't I come up with a grad theory of relativity.
Simply because that is not where I have been directing my energy to.
however most people don't exert the mental energy required to expand your train of thought.
I believe all brains start out with the same potential and the way they are grown and shaped determined how they operate on default for the rest of your life unless you do something about it.
Have you ever met anyone without a fully developed brain?
They look at things only on the surface and read into nothing.
Listlessly they scratch at there head and the chains of thought don't delve to deep.
I think it is very easy to understand people once you realize that all people carry all the same personalities - just expressed to different proportions and degrees.
Whatever thought can be imagined - someone has taken that to the extreme.
True wisdom is growing your brain in all directions.
Life is finding the balance between compulsion and carelessness.
the perfect combination of all attributes.
the combination of all people balanced into one.
as defined by the dictionary
Balanced.
(of a person or state of mind) having no emotion lacking or too strong; stable : a balanced personality.
but when you try to become your own mental chemist - ingesting chemicals to alter your feelings - you screw up the balance.
This phenomenon can best be seen and proved with steroid users.
The testes stop producing testosterone because it senses there is already too much testosterone in the system.
as a result - the balls shrink up and shut down.
The body is lazy - if you provide something for it - it stops providing for itself.
For example - the more you use chapstick - the less your lips produce their own moisture - making you further dependent on chapstick.
So while Cliche it is true.
So, this morning I get a phone call from my sister.
Third she starts asking why I have only posted pics, so my dear sister, this is for you.
She wouldn;t come down today so instead of being bored out of my mind I went antiquing.
I figure I have a couple extra bucks so I budget a certain amount.
Ok, I spent 4 times what I budgeted, but I wanted that desk.
I almost bought this cool shiney glass "tumbler up" thingy.
I was dragged away, (it will be there tomorrow and I can go back alone).
Ok, the alignment was out on her BMW when she bought it and it wiped out the tires.
She didn;t give the dealer a chance to correct the problem, she paid a astronomical amount for new tires without telling the dealer and expected the dealer to reimburse her the full amount.
I tend to think not.
She said that a mechanic told her that the frame was bent.
I called the mechanic and inquired about it.
A shock mount was bad.
On that car, it won't affect alignment.
I have twice the work experience required for the job and I have alot more schooling than is required.
I got her less than $500.00 back.
So when she writes her letter to the Commissioner and the director of vehicle safety reads my report, he will understand why I appear not to take her side.
I made lunch for a luncheon at work yesterday.
Cook up lamb for gyros.
They saw what I meant when they started eating it.
They went back for more.
Well, what can I say, he has a great kitchen, and the best cooking stuff, he doesn't even cook.
Ok, I've said enough.
I need to figure what I'm going to throw out so I can move that desk from the middle of the dining room to one of the 2 rooms upstairs I occupy.
I had "Stars Don't Shine" stuck in my head earlier, and started singing it aloud to try and figure out what song it was, until I realized, too late, that it was Paris Hilton.
Our emotions are a gift from God.
But in order to recieve the blessing we must first realize that our emotions are always connected to a need being met or unmet.
By listening to our emotions and asking ourselves why we are feeling a particular emotion we can discover an unmet need or a need that has been satisfied.
Probably too many to count.
So, what can we do?
Well, for starters become aware of what we are feeling.
We can become conscious of what is going on inside us.
Once we put our finger on the emotion we are feeling we can then go on to vocalize it.
Marshall Rosenberg, author of Nonviolent Communication, has a four-step process for communication that incorporates identifying our feelings and needs into the model.
Part of that model involves asking the question, "I am feeling _______ because I am needing ______."
Rosenberg also calls this four step process "giraffe language."
He coined it giraffe language because the giraffe has the largest heart of all the mammals.
The heart is about 3 feet long and 3 inches thick all around.
The idea is that Nonviolent communication, which focuses on feelings and needs is the language of the heart because it focuses on what is alive in the heart.
We can then go on to making a request instead of a demand to help ourselves satisfy our now recognized need.
We can ask them, "Are you feeling ______ because you are needing _______?"
If we are not correct they will correct us and we will be closer to identifying the need they have and finding a way to resolve the situation.
By satisfying our needs and the needs of others we can reach a fair negotiation.
We can make a list of these feelings and be on the look out for them.
It may be that we need to take a timeout when we feel these feelings to avoid a conflict.
Then when we are calm, focus on sharing our feelings and needs with others.
Taking time to focus on our feelings and needs helps us not let the lion out and speak from the heart that language of the giraffe with ourselves and others.
For more information on Nonviolent Communication click here.
Highlights:
- Help out with a conference at Bouremouth, with the Conservative party, had the 'privelage' of taking of THe Mr. Cameron and his whole entourage.
Dec 20 till 30th!
- might be going to hskp as assistance exec hskper (it will be a 9-5, occational weekends) really hope they pick me, i had enough of guest these days.
I.
I haven't been quite in my head, Dad woke me up early because he brought breakfast home, and then I went back to bed.
I didn't go with my parents to Grandma's.
I called Dad a few minutes ago on my cell and they were at her house so I guess she was out of the hospital.
I need to clean my room up but I don't feel up to it.
neh.
But oh well.
I don't even feel like doing anything right now and I'm having force myself to update this journal.
Cassy agreed.
But not something to be taken literally, we're just insane girls.
Yep and thats basically it.
neh.
I need something better to do, I'm just loafing around on Gaia like I always do.
Cassy said she'll be back Sunday night.
I probably won't take a shower until my parents get back.
Yep.
AGAIN.
T_T eheh.
Though I was allowed to stay up until 1 AM last night.
But heh, thats basically it.
Theres nothing left to say so this is the end of my journal entry.
Well short one anyway.
This is my update for today and I am off.
It's yet another white man insensitivity subject that even has socialists and revolutionaries saying 'hey, hold on a second!'.
It's the veils.
Yes, the veils that many Muslim women around the world traditionally wear.
I'm not going to get into the wrongs and rights, just to give a bit of perspective.
Listen.
I see the words veil and headscarf being used by white Europeans in many contradictory contexts.
Let's clarify.
Hijab is a headscarf that covers the hair and usually wraps around the neck.
The veil is often interpreted as being the ninja outfit, where womens heads are completely covered so as to see only the eyes, or in some cases nothing at all.
Taleban style if you will.
This is called the nikab.
For clarification the difference should be noted.
Hijab in Islam actually means modesty or privacy.
And it is believed that women should practice modesty both for themselves but to keep the gazing eyes of man down.
The khimar is the actual headscarf.
The veil that covers the entire face is called the nikab.
Islam requires women to be modest, henceforth many of them wear the hijab, or headscarf.
The nikab, or taliban style cover, is not an Islamic practice.
A Fatwa, or Islamic legal pronouncement makes it clear that women are not obliged to wear nikab - but rather this is a cultural issue within more conservative or radical interpretations of Islam (just like the west has some Christian right wackies).
Whether the French will ever admit it or not, they have a serious racism problem - and its aimed mainly at Muslims and Africans.
The Brits, famous for their true melting pot status amongst the Europeans, have began treading in this murky water.
Jack Straw is calling for a ban of veils, or nikabs, in the UK.
Not the ban on hijabs.
But if the UK Muslims are listening to Mr. Livingstone, he's on to something.
He clearly stated that he feels the veils should go -- but that it should be over a period of time and from within the Muslim community.
It shouldn't, he added, be decided by a group of old white male politicians.
Not to mention that many Muslim women scholars are saying women should thank Jack Straw for this.
I'm by no means an expert on veils.
What i do know is that there are many, many woman who absolutely voluntarily and willingly cover themselves with a headscarf for religious purposes.
Most of the European peasantry covered themselves with a headscarf just a hundred years ago and can still be found in Christian villages throughout eastern and southern europe.
It is also true that many Muslim cultures in the world 'oblige' their women to wear the veil.
So the voluntary and involuntary.
France says no head scarves, no nothing -- look like a sexy french school girl with your belly button hanging out.
The Brits haven't ventured that far, they accept the head scarf, but oppose the ninja turtle look.
Turkey has a similar issue.
In its bid to become a secular society -- and to integrate into the unwelcoming arms of the European Union, it has forbidden even the nikab and in some places even the hijab in public schools and universities.
Sarajevo now has a large female Turkish population coming to study here so they can wear what they wish.
It is Europe's largest 'indigenous' Muslim population, all of whom are white Europeans and embrace European principles.
Bosnian Islam is very secular, and indeed seen by most European leaders as a model example of the type of Islam they want being taught in their increasing number of mosques and madressa's within the EU.
The question of hijab and nikabs hasn't come up yet here in Bosnia.
The hijab is accepted and tolerated, as are the nikab wearers (which is an extremely small percentage of Muslim women).
The progressive west is certainly faltering when it comes to questions of its growing Muslim populations and addressing the cultural and religious difference between east and west.
This door has to swing both ways.
The west must do more to grasp the concepts of Islam - and understand the vast cultural differences even with the large and diverse Muslim community, which covers three continents.
If western women can run around half naked, can eastern women completely cover themselves?
Is there really a difference?
There is no black and white my friends.
We all need to take the veils off.
and look at each other eye to eye.
Brother to brother, face to face, let's unite the human race.
Essentially, Christian is toggling with what direction, musically, he wants to pursue (whether that be skyline or not), whereas in light of the confustion, I (Mike) have decided to leave the project.
It was not on any bad terms, and to be honest, I don't know if there still is a Skyline to speak of, but as those of you who know US know that I'm pretty focused and content with where I am heading, and I've definately got my own timetable in which I plan to do it.
With that, some of the new songs that never were will be posted shortly for those of you who want to hear it.
Feel free to contact any of us individually about this if you feel so compelled as nobody's really going to be monitoring this site any more.
(our individual pages are under the "members" section).
Thanks for the support!
You'll all receive notices of any Skyline updates and/or updates of new projects involving anyone from TSO (past or pseudo-present).
Take care of each other.
Well, my MIL arrived yesterday.
She had been looking at having to have her PTS before she leaves for Africa, but I guess Aunt Becky had other ideas.
I think Aunt Becky was waiting for my MIL to leave yesterday for her trip here.
Aunt Becky was sent over the bridge in a traditional Anishinaabe (Ojibwe/Chippewa) ceremony.
Aagii, my MIL's neighbor, is of the Bear Clan and is very traditional in her ways.
She wrapped Aunt Becky in ceremonial cloth with 4 different herbs and buried her down by the creek that runs behind their homes in Topanga Canyon.
My SIL and niece came over yesterday afternoon to collect our great-nephew, Brandon.
Daddybear refused to let them take the baby!
He wanted B to stay at least for today so that he had a day off to play with him.
Brandon's dad, Michael, is improving.
Hey, how has everyone been lately?
It's been a while.
and there has been so much going on.
and it's been just a big jumble of AWOIWEJFPWKSFWEIONMQMEM!
Do you know the feeling?
Especially people.
Please just pray for me and the trip and the other people who are going (I'm not sure who yet so I shall keep it on the DL.
Anyway, this past week has been one of the busiest ones yet for me, and maybe for you too.
Sometimes, all we need is that little encouragement or motivation to get us going again.
like the energizer bunny!!!
Besides from that random addition by my kooky self I hope you know what I'm trying to get at, because I know for me, that's how it is. I need you guys to help me through!
Okay that's about it for now.
What I completed in one day today, was not possible to me last week.
Today, I can say I actually taught for all three of my periods.
I walked into my first period only to find a sub.
I decided then and there that I would take advantage of the situation and teach the class.
I asked the sub if he did not mind my taking over, and of course he complied.
I figured I knew the material more than he did, and more importantly I knew the students and how the class should run.
So the bell rang, the sub introduced himself and I took over.
I had them write in their journals for a few minutes, then proceeded to facilitate the day's assignments.
I allowed them 10-15 minutes to finish up the work from yesterday before we began a new piece of literature.
After they turned that in, I introduced "Poor Richard's Almanac," which we read as a class.
This was a very short reading so I gave the class an assignment to go along with the reading.
They had the remainder of the class to complete the assignment while I went around to monitor their work and answer questions.
On the other hand, I did know that today I was to teach a full period lesson to my freshmen for periods 3 &amp; 6.
For today's lesson I taught them how to determine the mood in a piece of literature based on the definition, an example, and a story out of their literature books.
I began my lesson by explaining what the term "mood" meant.
I explained to them that the "mood" of the story could be determined based on the word choice used by the author.
To give them a better understanding of how "mood" works, I presented them with a paragraph that I wrote on the overhead.
I had them follow along as I read out loud.
After I was done reading my paragraph, I had the students tell me what was the mood I had created.
Almost everyone participated, and for every type of mood they came up with, I had them point out places in the paragraph that helped them to determine the mood.
That was a segway into today's story.
Today we read, "The Talk" by Gary Soto.
I gave a brief background on the author and the story before we began.
I read the first paragraph, then I drew names out of my little tin container to complete the reading.
After certain spots, I would have them go over plot summary just to make sure they were following along.
At the end of the story, I had them do the same thing they did with my paragraph to determine the mood.
After a discussion, I asked them to take out a piece of paper.
I had them answer a question along the lines of, "how would the mood of the story have been different if Soto wrote this as a child?"
They answered on their papers, then shared out as a class.
This completed my very first lesson for periods 3 &amp; 6.
I went to the OVAC volleyball tournament this morning, and was gone almost all day, and I'm going skating with one of my friends tonight.
Got to go out for breakfast with the team, even though I'm not a member.
I'm the libero tracker.
The libero is a defensive specialist and I have to keep track of who she goes in and out for.
I was gonna call my best friend and see if she wanted to go, but she wasn't there.
I thought she was going shopping today.
She's not a skating-type person, though.
We always try to get her to come, but it doesn't work.
I always fall on my ass every five minutes, though.
x.x I need to invest in a pair of blades.
I outgrew my skates, and I don't like renting.
Plus, I've heard blades are easier than four-wheels and I can use all the help I can get.
o___x
Stephenie Meyer.
What can I say?
This list is very short.
In fact, there's only about three authors whose books I will buy, no matter the storyline.
Meyer, JK Rowling, and Meg Cabot.
And yes, I read hundreds, thousands of books from other people.
But these female writes.
I'm a writer.
the thing is.  my work isn't spectacular.
I know that.
I'm enough of a grown-up to say it.
And after reading Stephenie's story about how real her characters are.
how they can "take over" her outlines.
The story leads me, not the people who grace the page.
And Stephenie says that we should know our characters.
Well, I know that a lot of my LJ friends are writers, too.
I can tell.
hm.
You know you're from Massachusetts when.
When ordering a tonic, you mean a Coke.
not quinine water.
You know how to pronounce the names of towns like Worcester, Billerica, Haverhill, Barre and Cotuit.
You have driven to New Hampshire on a Sunday in order to get beer.
You know what they sell at a packie.
You know at least one bar where you can get something to drink after last call.
You can actually find your way around Boston.
Evacuation Day is a recognized holiday.
You know at least one guy named Sean, Pat, Whitey, Red, Bud or Seamus.
You think the rest of the country owes you for Thanksgiving and Independence Day.
You have never been to Cheers.
You have gone to at least one party at UMass.
You think Doug Flutie is the greatest athlete ever.
You remember exactly where you were when the ball rolled through Buckner's legs.
You pray for the Red Sox to win the World Series not this season, but in your lifetime.
You know how to make a frappe.
You know that "Big Dig" is also a kind of ice cream you can get at Brigham's.
You actually know how to merge from 6 lanes of traffic down to one.
You never go to "Cape Cod", you go "down the Cape".
You went to Old Sturbridge Village, Plymouth Plantation, or both, on field trip in grammar school.
You're aware that there is a town, somewhere in Massachusetts, named Brimfield where they have the biggest outdoor antique market in the world.
You can drive to the mountains and the ocean all in one day.
You know that the Mass Pike is some sort of strange weather dividing line.
You know that P-Town isn't the name of a new rap group.
You do not recognize the letter "R" as a part of the English language.
You see people like Steven Tyler (Aerosmith), Dicky Barret (The Mighty, Mighty Bosstones), and Evan Dando (The Lemonheads) in the local supermarket and it doesn't phase you.
You've slammed on your brakes to deter a tailgater Know at least three Tony's, one Vinnie and a Frankie Paranoia sets in if you can't see a Dunkin Donuts, ATM or CVS within eyeshot at all times.
You keep an ice scraper and can of de-icer on the floor of your car.
year round You still try to order curly fries from Burger King You order iced coffee in January You know what candlepin bowling is You drive 45 minutes to New Hampshire to save $5 in sales tax You've pulled out of a side street and used your car to block oncoming traffic so you can make a left.
So I called the cops and followed him till he went into the dark, then I left it to the cops.
911 operator asked "Is it a white guy or a latin guy".
so I gave her the real description; a young black male with short dreads and dark clothes and shoes.
One cop came, he talked to me for two seconds and then drove down the street a second.
They sent SIX cop cars, two in each.
So 12 cops to investigate ONE car break in.
They all fly off in EVERY direction to find this kid (of course, except the direction I said he went).
So basically I've met three new neighbors and we have like a community watch going on now.
The cops spend more time driving down my road then they probably should.
There are moments in our lives when we find ourselves at a crossroad.
The choices we make in these moments can define the rest of our days.
But once in a while, people push on.
Or to give someone a second chance.
And it's only when you're tested that you discover who you can be.
I have no details.
No dates.
No times.
No nothing.
I don't even know for sure that it will happen, but with the way things have been going, I expect it to happen.
There's nothing else I can say or do to change the situation.
Hey guys!
But I've been wanting it for like a year now, just never had the money, and never wanted to charge it.
=P
I got a leather case for it, but need to get some clear protective sheets for it too.
^_^;
HEY.
If you don't know what to get me for Christmas, get me some socks!!
~Apple ipod socks
As for my diet.
I lost 3 pounds this week.
^_^
the season is changing.
again.
a lot of things have happened to me in the past six months, since the beginning of summer.
something, it seems, i am getting more and more used to.
turns out it has just made me question pretty much everything that i thought i knew.
now, i have no idea what i believe and what i want to do and how i want to spend the rest of my life.
well, maybe i do.
and well, i got married.
talk about a life change.
we've been together since my sophomore year of college and had lived together for over a year (in sin, mind you) but i wasn't prepared for the change that would take place in our relationship.
i find myself again, stuck in a place where i have to rediscover myself all over again.
maybe i do.
but i don't want to admit that yet.
though i think i have.
so stay tuned.
changes to come.
another two words for you: John Hughes.
perhaps too much so for 5:15 on a saturday afternoon, but hey, what can you do.
don't get another one for 25 more years.
i must go now.
want to get it done in time for the next snowfall.
Have you ever made a decision and then later found out the consequences to that decision?
Well, I seem to have done that.
I mean.
However, it seems the decisions I have been making are hindering that.
I look around me and you know what I see?
People everday get divorces, commit adultery and I don't want that.
I just can't help it.
But then I also think what if they are the right person?
Why is everything so confusing to me?   I'm trying to hear God right now, but maybe I'm not really listening.
Some people say, "Katrina, do this," others say, "Katrina, do that."
What do I say?
I DON'T KNOW!!!!!!!!!!
I guess i"m just gonna have to be patient.
I'll wait for God to show me what He wants me to do.
So, keep praying for me that I'll be strong.
I just have these moments when I start trying to do things without God and that never works.
Anywayz, I'll ask God for His opinion.
I'll post back when I get it.
I have been up most the night because the baby wouldn't go to sleep for nothing.
We lay him on our chest and he zonks out pretty fast and now hes so used to it he won't sleep in his crib or basinet so we have to find a way for him to sleep in the crib.
He's sleeping now but everytime I lay down and think I will get atleast a couple hours of sleep hes right back up!
He sleeps most of the day and then never sleeps at night.
Anyways,tomorrow I guess my grandpa wants us to come over there so his brother than is in town to visit and everyone can see the baby.
I am not to thrilled about going over there.
We could go out and I could watch him drink but he got a ticket and they have to mail his license to him and he has no ID yet!
thats what you get for rubbing it in my face that your 21 and im not!)
Almost sounds like an EMO song title.
Maybe it is, I dunno.
All I know is that I have no time to do anything anymore.
I am once again becoming an OT whore, which was originally to buy myself a new gun (Springfiled XD40 3" Subcompact).
But, with pay days in Oct. being where they are, and bills due on the dates they're due, that idea is totally shot for now.
At least the price of gas is going down, $1.99 per gallon across the street now.
I'm also working at the YMCA every Monday in October, which helps, but makes me tired as all get out.
The job is still just that.
Nothing big to report, except that every time I volunteer to do a full 8 hours of OT after my normal shift, I find myself going home 2-4 hours into it due to them over-hiring and not realizing it.
I have a new pic of Melissa and I, which I will post shortly.
We need a new pic.
Oh well, at least we can make it work without lots of time.
I joined a gun club the other night.
It's kinda far from where I am, but it is worth it.
Membership is only $50/year and a $50 initiation fee.
The shooting is unlimited for the most part between 8a and 10p.
The indoor range has 8 lanes, but is only 15 yards long.
If anyone is interested, it's the Phillipsburg Pistol Club, and can be found on the web (just google it's name).
I'm gonna hit the work out now.
I'll write more later.
Reawaken is taking allot of my time this week inspite of my heavy harvest schedule on the farm!
I made contact with various Pentagon types who deal specifically with the USO and stand down concerts on a variety of military installations in California.
Also since I belong to a variety of social organizations it was easy to make concert contacts through them.
Who knows where we will be playing in 2007.
I have my eyes on a few locations like Kwajalein RMI and Soto Cano-Honduras; with friends in low places we'll probably get those gigs.
In the mean time we have a huge private party in April booked and the Mateel Arts and Music Festival for June as well.
The list of folks who want a copy of the CD-First Light is being built up one name at a time.
Anyone who wants one I will send one.
I may just have the band members do a strip for old ladies at the senior clubs if we have open dates unfilled!
Wouldn't that be a gig!?
In the mean time I am going after every venue available.
Leaving for Irvine on the 18th for Maiden.
See you mates up front of Arrys monitor!
I'm at Penn State for the weekend.
I was cleaning up Kristen Ward's apartment when a beer spilled all over my socks and pants and I don't even care.
Lots of people had sex.
Lots of people used drugs and drank beer.
Tonight is the Michigan vs. PSU game.
Tonight is also the drag show which I shall be attending faithfully.
Maybe I'll put on some MAC.
I'm reading this back to myself and I'm totally yawning.
Last night I had a long discussion at 4:30am about xanax addiction and molestation.
Let's face it.
I don't drink anymore.
Hard alcohol would surely have put me in the ER.
And this hair.
Lex Squared told me that she could "do something" with my hair.
That's a polite way of saying.
I'm staying with Kristen Ward.
She has 4 boys staying her who attend West Point.
Hi.
So I toned down the performance and slept until right now.
And I still rule this town, I'm just a little more mature, a little more with it.
Look at me!  I'm like Ellen on straight television.
I'm a maneater!
Oh and Ps.!
I met this 'straight' boy at the gay bar last night.
Totally mine.
I feel like I should be writting right now.
The other week I was at Roxy with Robbie and company and the crack house came up.
I suppose there was the time that Dread, named not for the feeling one gets when thinking about the smell which followed him, but rather for his haircut, came by while my mother was there and pulled bacon out of his pocket, and then his other pocket, and then from under his shirt, then from his pants.
"How much you give me for this Bacon?"
I don't know, I'm not feeling it.
nevermind, I've got an Arabic test I could be studying for.
Anybody remember any good crackhouse stories they heard?
ones worth retelling?
At least I haven't bought any in about four days.
I still have six that have not arrived yet.
Oh well, I will find space or have Tim build me some shelves.
One cookie jar was not packed well.
It was called "Ugly Old Hen".
It was broken.
HE KNEW EVERYTHING THERE WAS TO KNOW ABOUT PACKING, he said.
Well, needless to say his packing job was far below any I have seen so far.
To make a long story short, he told me I must have wanted this ugly old hen to match my personality.
Man.  I just can't seem to keep out of trouble.
It really was his fault though.
I even sold a few things on Ebay.
I sold an electric blanket for more than I paid for it.
I see Frankie at the junkyard has several electric blankets.
I can probably pick them up for less than a buck and sell them for lots lots more as long as they work.
Will have to work on that enterprise.
Tim and I have been fishing and camping.
There always seems to be much to do around here and we don't seem to get much done.
Or at least I don't.
That means I recline on the couch with a good book after lunch and BooBoo my cat is always stretched out on my lap.
Tim is working on putting a border fence up in the front of the property.
Then he wants to put in an underground sprinkler system before we plant grass in front.
We also will be planting trees and shrubs in front and some day putting a small deck coming out of the front door.
It just all takes time and money.
We have come a long way in a year though!
Well, must go put dinner in the oven.
Homemade macaroni and cheese.
Today I also made a devils food bundt cake with chocolate chip glaze.
With all this cheese we will probably be constipated tomorrow.
Y'all have a good night!
Mmk.
Thursday:
I came home and I think I took a nap,
Then later hung out with some loser until like 12.
Friday:
Chels and I cleaned my room, which was much needed.
Then Ashlie and Becky came and picked me up, we stopped at Joey's to see if they had any applications, then went out to the mall so I could turn in some apps, and so Ashlie could buy some underwears.
I came home and got my stuff together to go up to the kid's camp.
It was sooo cold out, seeing as I don't have a winter jacket or anything.
Plus, I didn't eat anything at all yesterday, and I ended up getting really sick.
Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting
I'm going out for a little tonight, and then I'm gonna see if Ash and Beck want to stay.
Then Tomorrow.
It all started a month ago in kickboxing class (at least that part sounds way cool.)
The new instructor is a former marine and showed us these five-pointed-star push-ups.
Anyway, I get home and notice my knee feels kinda tight.
Okay, no problem, I'll just tone down my workouts until I'm back at 100%.
But after a month, that hasn't really happened.
So I figure I'll just check in with my G.P., get a nice cortisone shot in the knee and I'm good to go.
Of course once he says the magic words ("degenerative arthritis" and "not uncommon AT MY AGE") I do a total brain freeze and hear pretty much nothing afterwards.
Shoe shopping, of course!
Well, you know what?
I'm not going to grow old gracefully!
In the last fifteen years,
my life has been somewhat conventional:
job, wife, two kids, house, car.
Seen from a distance, I've been following the script,
the path that society lays down for people like me.
have been when we have turned the script upside-down;
skipped a line or a page or an act;
swapped parts;
read sections backwards;
cut pages up and rearranged them;
This is me, my self-fashioned self.
I will not play the part that others have chosen for me."
This happened again today.
it happens I guess.
I know I can drive that's not my problem I just need to study more for the written.
I'll try to call but I have work all weekend then monday I'm going to NY.
But I'm free til' Aug. 31st.
Your Famous Last Words Will Be:
"I dunno, press the button and find out."
second.
i leave for london in NINE DAYS.
no, of course not.
let me calculate how long that'll take with current rates of reproduction and the current world population.
never.
we do it much better anyway.
that's all that matters isn't it?
the state of our souls.
more virgins for you.
the quota might drop to 45 or something.
maybe i should draw a cartoon.
oh right, i forgot, that's a no go area either.
right now, yer losing.
you may think yer winning, but yer not.
you know why?
we have to be diplomatic.
now.
i am a rational, intelligent, rather well informed individual.
because, i know.
in nine days i will spend probably 5-6 hours in aiports, whereas, 10 years ago.
not so much.
why must i show up three hours early for my flight?
but basically my mind will stray to one mantra.
Well, actually, I have to be, BUT.
So some guy will call.
he'll be like.
'I'm not recieving the paper.
but I sent in a check 3 weeks ago.
' OK. so.
I look up the address he mumbles to me and see that no payment has come in for 5 months.
What am I supposed to say other than 'we did not recieve your ''supposed'' recent payment.'
And then they hang up.
Or some woman will call with a question that has nothing to do with circulation.
So.
I ask Robbye, knowledge of all things Ann Arbor News.
But really, Ive only had the job a few weeks.
And originally I was supposed to be given some book of all knowledge.
That never happened.
So, no cubicle job for life for me.
I saw Phil.
I went to Sheldon's house.
We sat outside on his porch.
Sheldon, Phil, Daniel, and I.
I tried to control myself.
His hair, his eyes, his dimples.
He has a new eye brow piercing.
It suits him.
It's still too soon to make those comments.
But he did.
Because he knew I needed the reaction.
And really, he kind of did.
I let him slip.
Phil reluctantly came along.
He didn't want to make eye contact with me, but we made eye contact a lot.
But I didn't hug him.
And I didn't try to touch him.
I didn't want to make physicaly contact.
No.
Then when we were there, I got what I needed, as did they, and I was standing outside with Phil as the other two were still in there.
And that it's him now.
I told him that's not true.
I told him he didn't lose me, and he just looked at me and didn't say a word.
I assured him, "you do care.
You just don't show it anymore."
and by then, they guys were out of the store.
Phil walked away quickly.
"Are you okay?", He asked.
"Yeah, I'm going to go home."
"You're not coming with us?"
"No, I'm going to go."
"Why?"
"Is it really that hard to tell?"
I hung up and started walking home.
Like 10 minutes into walking home aaron pulled up to drive me home.
I never even told him what happened, but he helped, a lot.
i had a lot of time to myself in the car which i used.
i thought a lot about different things and i wrote more than i have in a long, long time.
maybe i'll share some day, and maybe i wont.
i've decided, i'll share later.
good bye :)
My hours are/were gradually going up, after tomorrow I'll have had 23 this week, but next week is only 11, and five days off is a bit much.
I went to her house a couple days ago and kind of figured we'd easily be back together, but there seem to be a number of things in the way.
Then again, I guess that's how it was last time.
It'll turn out one way or another.
Bah.
As always.
I have work in the morning, then three days off.
Yeah.
Oh well.
Later.
Today at work, I was working on a job that was supposed to print as three colors, black, spot red and spot silver, but the background image the client provided was CMYK, with the spot colors built in that color space, including gradations of them.
And I did it in about 10 minutes.
P.P.S. When I say that you might not understand because it's technical, I'm not trying to brag, it's just kind of specialized (in the same way I don't understand when people talk about car repair or finance).
So it's Friday night and here I am in front of the computer screen.
So I spent the day watching The Real World: Austin, with my little brother.
We decided we'd watch as much episodes as possible and also made a promise none of us would use the computer.
I broke the promise.
Then, my parents came home and I deicided I'd make donoughts.
these are the words the senior VP of Telecommunications told us on Tuesday.
Do your job and do it well- and it will speak volumes for you.
You are working for America's #1 Best place to work.
I'm focused.
yeah- I'm not going anywhere.
Think I'll stay at AFLAC.
That means if I stay on the right path- when I'm 25 I could be an ABT Trainer 2 as well- or the equivalent.
I could be an IT Specialist V in 4 years.
I could be Paul Amos Jr's secretary- if I work hard enough.
The sole stipulation: Do your time first.
Don't like it?
Just move somewhere else!
Speaking of the famous Amos' -( not the cookie people, ;) - the AFLAC founders)- I passed Dan Amos in the hallway yesterday.
I want that.
I've realized what I want in life.
I want a family.
She told me 4 times yesterday.
Yeah- I really would.
They raised over $200,000.00 for Cancer Research with a BASEBALL GAME!
(The AFLAC All-American Baseball Classic).
I monitored calls today with Julia.
That old quote comes back to me- the origin has slipped my mind, but "we are the movers and the shakers and the dreamers of dreams."
I have the world in the palm of my hands.
The corporate world at least.
I'm still working on that family part.
but I've not talked to the most important person in my life- in over a week.
But even superman has his kryptonite.
I don't know what to do.
Or he would've come through last weekend.
It's not over.
Something has to happen SOON.
I would like to be married before I'm 23.
Wayne just called me!!!!!!!!
Anyway, he said that since he (and all of the troop) are having to stay 16 months, they are getting to come home for 5 whole days for leave after they are done with their training (and before they go to thier permanent post).
Apparently, it was not Wayne alone who was misled.
The rest of the troop that he was sent with thought they were only going for 12 months.
So they are getting to come home for a short time after thier training.
Now, they don't know yet when that will be, but I don't care.
I will get that 5 days and then later on he will still get RnR.
That was the first thing that I thought "will that cut down yalls RnR?" and he said no.
It is just something they get to do because they are having to go longer than intended or however they word that!
Alley still hasn't had those pups.
I hope that she has them tonight.
If not I may have to get her a shot to induce labor.
It has been 4 days since her milk dropped and they are supposed to have the pups after 5.
We'll see.
Keep in mind that we had only just moved in together at that time and he didn't know much about whelping pups!
Now, he wishes that he was here to help with this litter Image.
As far as school goes.
I start my very last class Monday.
It is yet another Accounting class so everyone wish me luck!
I can't decide if I want to pay the fee to make it a fancy blog.
I need it and I want it.
He is laying like a bum on the couch watching CSI:NY.
I didn't even know he watched that.
It's usually Star Trek or Brady Bunch.
Not kidding!
He the Brady Bunch.
I am sure he is going to force Baby Huff to watch it and learn all it's moral lessons from that show vs. meetings.
If I went and got in the car right now.
and chase me out.
Like it's me holding up the show!
Talk to you later!
When I come back from my Survival course and return to work, I won't have a staff anymore.
At the beginning of August there were 10 of us.
Now the agency is down to 3.
They will be fine eventually but deserve better than one week's notice.
I will have to plan an agency party/reunion at the end of August.
Lots of shooters.
NOW I'm ready to get away to the rattlesnakes and scorpions.
No one updates anymore
And barely anyone's online.
is this becuase its summer?
WELLLLL
I have little news - just about two weeks left on the job and ihere in p-town so gimme a call before the 25th
And I'm basically packed becuase I never unpacked anything except clothes really.
so it should be pretty easy.
except I have a butt load of stuff in general!
I'm gonna have my brothers truck and my dad's and my car to take stuff down there.
thats a lot.
I realllllly want a mandolin like right now.
and a guitar
so that i can learn hw to play them becuase i reallllly want to learn cause im a nerd like that.
And also because THE DARKNESS and I have formed a 'band'.
and i emphasize - "band".
called the Silhouettes (i came up with the name.
i know.
But I want to go.
soon.
And thats all, ciao for now!
Jason, Josh, Allan T. &amp; sometimes Jacob.
well for many reason that i`d rather not name online.
Attention seeker ? Most likely.
Mmk on to the next subject, Thursday &amp; Friday:
It was the School dance &amp; I had to work in one of the door entrance.
I was really tired since it was like.
Dancing, ASB, dancing, ASB back &amp; forth.
I know im talking about the ASB alot but that`s pretty much whats been happening.
My two fingers that I tie the ballons with were smelled like balloons.
Janel, Madilyn, Desiree(sp) &amp; Jasmine [note:they're all seventh graders] first at Janel's house.
It was like.
After that, we saw Jason, Victor &amp; Josh &amp; I guess they came with us to Veterans &amp; all those places.
We met up with litte Danielle too (: Lolitas &amp; Starbucks as always.
Saw some Otay people then headed to Veterans park after.
Saw Aldrin &amp; his friends so I guess we hung out ? Jason &amp; them left early.
JK.
We rolled &amp; skateboarded down the grass hill thing.
Hung upside down like monkeys at the monkey bars &amp; acted like little kids at the swing once again.
That was my week.
Posted 8/11/2006 at 8:53 PM - email it
what seemed like 4 months off, has seemed like it at all.
not that I had 4 months off in the end.
So far I have done zip camping, no trips to the lake.
I have been quite preoccupied though so I can't blame my lack of summer fun on laziness.
I  am getting so tired of this studying for my securities exam.
and to have more than 2 weeks of vacation time.
but this is life and we must not forget that like is not a holiday.
I go for my practicum interview next week along with a 2 day orientation at PI.
At least that is one issue that has finally gotten rolliing.
I haven't really given school much thought as of recent times.
I have been so focused on this course and going to work with my dad, that I really don't know what to think anymore.
I started with one dream, and was working towards it, now I don't see it anymore.
I am curious as to see where this all goes with my dad, and who knows I may just take over his book of business and all that.
actually I just want to give the opportunity a chance.
I have nothing to lose.
I still will have my degree to back me up and I true desire to go into law enforcement, but for now I want to do this.
it  gets me out of the job I'm in and will open the doors to other opportunities that aren't available to me now.
Maybe I have become lazy in thought b/c I don't bother with it.
rather it steals what precious ones you have left.
we have no one to blame but our selves.
where I am going with this I have no clue.
I don't have a plan, I don't know what I want in the long run.
I'm just taking it as it comes.
one day, one week at a time.
I can only take so much of her though, for her sake and mine :).
one I am not thinking long term.
I have put my life in the hands of god, and left him to it.
maybe more so.
I needed to start over new.
They are better off where they are now.
we are all moving forward on our own path.
hopefully the right one.
Still there is so much more to learn, and my life is but young.
I have a list of things I want to do during my time, and each day I add something new to it.
anyway I heard this while I was in church and it really grabbed my interest.
it says a lot, even if it was written by a comedian.
A few days ago, I ran into this article online: http://msnbc.msn.com/id/14126192/ talking about statistics regarding the number of friends people having being at some sort of new low.
I guess I fit the group the article refers to, in regards to having only 2 or 3 friends that would fall into the "support mechanism" category, if only because of circumstantial or geographical factors being taken into consideration as well.
On a larger scale, this really makes me think about the way that I've cultivated my friendships, and the way I've maintained them as well.
I definitely feel like, moreso than any other time in my life, I'm operating almost at the ground floor in regards to the friendships I have and the way I interact with those friends.
Suffice to say that there are a fair amount of people out there whom I would count among my friends, but limited few whom I would count as good friends, due to actions both inside and outside of my role in that friendship.
We're getting older, we have a lot more work-related matters and our personal lives can get pretty complicated.
You build friendships as fortifications against getting too old too fast, but sometimes life just catches up with you regardless of your efforts.
If I didn't have the desire to be better than what I currently am, would I have impetus to keep living at all?
I hope not.
As far as "support mechanisms" go, I've seen what they do to people- at their best, they act as a bridge to help people reach things both within and outside themself that they may not have been previously able to reach.
if the goals are similar, which one would you prefer to be?
Now which one are you most of the time?
It can be really difficult to appreciate just what a friendship really means to you, especially when it's something you can take for granted fairly easily if you aren't careful.
So what does this mean to me then?
It means I have some tough choices to make.
Is it worth it, or is it better to just let fate play out its' hand and look for a new deal?
There's usually no way to know until it's too late regardless.
I guess I do what I can to make the most of what I have, if it's not enough then it likely never was, and in that case, at least I know I tried.
If being a friend isn't about trying, then I've been taking the wrong approach all along.
My only plausible explanation is that I want out.
No matter how much I love them, I want to be independent and living on my own, providing for myself and on the road to success.
I know its normal for someone who's in college to be living with their parents, but that doesn't quell the wish to be independent and free.
Now me and Tyler are running the shop and I don't know if Tyler's even going to stay or not.
Oh yeah, and the best part:
My gun, my nozzles, my power supply, my footpedal.
He's paying $250 a week to eat food, and then eat again.
"I choose to do more important things with my time."
no wonder he doesn't have a girlfrend if his definition of more important things than actually looking after yourself like an adult isn't important enough.
If I could afford the food, I would probably do it myself, but Jenny Craig was expensive enough, and that was $100 a week, not $250, and I didn't have a mortgage then.
He could EASILY cook his own food - his kitchen probably cost more than half my house.
I said.
It went on like that for a good minute.
I tried to bike away- what was she gonna do?
Write down my licensce plate?
I guess someone forgot her midol.
We're struggling with my bike.
Now, when one says you, "hit like a girl" take it as a compliment.
I woke up on Wednesday morning, bright and early (as I do) to go into work/uni.
Now I thought at first that maybe it had broken the night before, after I'd gone to bed or something.
But then one of my housemates, who was already up, informed me that no, it was that the electricity wasn't working anywhere in the house.
Trying to turn it back on only got me another automatic trip as lights flashed on for a brief moment, and then suddenly back off.
We tried everything to make sure it wasn't the plug/circuit itself.
But no, it was the fridge.
We thought for a while about what to do, not really being able to afford either a new fridge OR to fix this one.
In other news I have 6 days to go (including today) before I leave!
As we wrote in a recent posting, even in a favorable political climate Democratic candidates face a significant challenge in turning out their base voters.
An oft-repeated notion in recent weeks, however, has been that this year Republicans too will have a difficult time turning out their party faithful on November 7th.
Well, maybe.
The article cites a recent strategic memo to national GOP Party Chair Ken Mehlman from Market Strategies, which highlights polling (granted, six-week old polling) showing the base is in line and ready to hit the polls.
Is this spin or is it true?
Obviously no way to tell at this point, but any Democratic victory strategy that assumes weak Republican turnout as a key to winning is folly.
In other words, the mantra for Democratic candidates this political season: persuade everyone you can, turn out your base, and assume all the other guy's usual folks will vote.
In other words Democrats, work like hell until November 7th.
i feel like i could fly.
ive come to realise also how different i am with him.
not different me or anything, different in how i am in OUR relationship, compared to my others.
and im sure he's been doing the same.
and we're both being the best we can for each other, and it shows, and it pays off.
we have come such a far way in such a short time and i look forward to every other moment i will share with him.
i am his all his already, i know this and i hope he does too.
i want to be everything he needs and more.
and ive learned from my past relationship what to do and what not to do and watching what i say and how i say it and.
ALL these things, im more aware of the relationship and it status and im not ,.
i duno, im kinda losing track of wht i want to say here.
i better not, considering the circumstances.
somehow.
its completely unlike anything i had with Chris, rerally, but Jamie has a lot of personality like Chris did.
he could car eless about anything and everything as long as he got his way everything was alright.
can someone tell me please?!
oh yeh, i was sub-conciously restraining myself and waiting for Jamie >:)~
Let's try and finish Sunday now for the third time, before it is Sunday again!
After church I went to one of my best friend's house for lunch.
My mother was invited too.
I saw the guy I went to a dance with once back at school there at her house.
It's her brother's best friend.
Goes figure he'd be there.
Anyhow not important though.
Oh ya we were talking about Land Rovers!
W0rd!
W0rd I am dead tired!
Gonna push through with this!
Then Anri wanted to go the beach, cos she just visited for the weekend and has to go back to where she studies in another suburb like hunderds of km's away from the ocean.
Her niece and Lizelle came along.
We went in my car, cos apparently I have music.
:P I drive well now though, yep I do!
We sat on the beach and mostly I felt like sleeping.
but don't think they would let you do that.
NooooOOoo.
I took lots of photo's!
Will try and upload them somewhere or do something or I will see!
Okies!
I took photo's of this little girl swimming in the ocean.
The water is freezing cold by the way and it is winter and we sat there dressed warmly!
Somehow Anri got the idea in her head that I had to go test the water so that she can take photo's and like that was not enough I had to throw Baywatch moves.
You know that Baywatch running style from that tv program.
I wanted to take photo's of Kiteboarders, but there were none!
Just guys flying their kites.
=/ And some guy on a prepelled engine driven kite thing that was in the air.
o.O Took a photo of him, he was a bit far though.
I would like to just walk around or sit somewhere where lotsa people are and take photo's of them, especially like action photo's!
It is like doing my art.
I get lost in it.
I totally zone out.
We went to Anri's house for cake and coffee.
Hmmm.
Lizelle wanted to go to the movies and I wanted to go to church and Anri I don't know what.
We sat there 'trying to decide' what we are going to do.
We almost sat there for an hour.
Lizelle didn't want to go to church.
That was as clear as daylight.
So we basicly had to wait for Anri to decide.
Hm.
what do you pick.
(Non-Christians, don't worry about this part I am just expressing my thoughts, doesn't mean I don't accept you still as a person, just kinda thinking out loud to people that believe the same as me.) Hmmm.
:p
They went to the movies afterwards.
Anri promised to come to my house after the movie to keep me awake while I work.
I sat there drawing and uhm the phone rang and it was the police.
Ye.
I am too tired now.
will finish later
I want to pose a serious question to anyone out there that chooses to read this.
If you were given the choice between life and death, which one would you choose?
The choice does seem quite  obvious to me.  But what if you knew you were gonna die, like possibly sooner than later, for whatever reason.
Would you be careful and try to preserve every moment you have left?
So I tried to step out of myself for a minute and look at things the way he may have been viewing them.
Imagine you are young and healthy.
An athelete.
The whole world and it's endless possibilities are  stretched out before you.
You are virtually unstoppable.
All you have to do is decide which opportunity you would like to take advantage of first.
So you decide to join the military.
You figure, 'Hey, I might as well use this opportunity to see the world, make some money, and get an education and a marketable skill.'
The world is still yours for the taking.
So you make an appointment with a recruiter for an interview and physical.
Everything goes well with the interview.
The recruiter tells you that the technology field in which you are interested is growing rapidly and there are all types of jobs available that you can parlay into a lucrative career once you retire from the service.
You leave there with a renewed sense of purpose and vow to take full advantage of this experience.
You go home, wait two weeks, then return to the recruiter's office for the results of your background check and physical.
You think to yourself that maybe you had too many traffic tickets, or maybe there was something small in your past that has presented you from being selected to join the military.
The look on the recruiter's face is unmistakable.
), but we won't be able to welcome you into the Armed Forces(or I could do some traveling and explore the country.
We have the results from your physical(I know, I'm gonna do some volunteer work with kids in the community.
So what do you do?
First, because I could already piece together the backdrop of the story.
See, I knew he had cheated.
But he assured me that he had used a condom and that I was the only one that he was having unprotected sex with.
She then tells me that she's gonna test me for gonorrhea, but also that she's gonna have to test me for HIV.
She tells me that if I was with a person that was infected with gonorrhea, what makes me think that person didn't have anything else?
I couldn't answer her.
He never went to see an infectious disease specialist.
He never took any medications other than a multi-vitamin.
He partied just as hard as I did, drank and smoked just as much weed as me.  So after I learned of his condition, I thought to myself, "Is my friend trying to die?"
When we first became friends he was an athelete, so he was pretty fit for the most part.
I had never known to do much of anything unhealthy and  he was one of those health conscious, work out fanatics.
Maybe he maintained that lifestyle in the beginning because he thought that  he could somehow combat his illness this way.
Could it be that he realized that no matter what he did, there was nothing that would get rid of his disease, so he lived and played hard and masked his pain with lots of partying, drugs, and lots of random, annonymous sex?
I've asked him about this, and he has never really given me an answer.
I wonder how many other people have made the same decision that he made.
I wonder what choices I would have made differently had that nurse from the clinic given me different results.
So what would you do?
Would you choose to live, or would you choose to die?
The question itself is mostly rhetorical, presented to raise awareness and provoke thought moreso than response.
However, if you are so compelled to do so, please leave your thoughts and comments.
All will be greatly appreciated.
my birthday is on monday.
but right now its just reminding me that everyones leaving me.
i seriously dont know what i am going to do at all.
and everyone thats home is so wrapped up with their own stuff ///dudes//women.
alfkjaslkjfasjflka;sjdf;asjfals;fjlakjsf.
im done talking about it.
for many reasons.
nothing hereee.
myrtle&lt;/3
i just do not want to live at home anymore.
its not bad here at all.
but nobody else is for moving out as much as i am.
good b/c i def dont have the money to move out right now.
bad b/c i want to move out mother eff.
all my substitute information is in.
if i can get a job at taylors.
maybe things wont be so bad.
and i can get a new car.
then convince someone to move out with me.
fags.
////the way you look at me////
im feeling you
gnite darlins
i have work in the am.
Well, well, well.
Jake's directions to the schools LJ account was wrong.
so I searched for it and finally found it.
You can't trust Jake's directions to his own bathroom in his own dorm room!
So, drop by and tell me what all of you are up to!
I've been thinking a great deal about the importance of ritual.
Not religious ritual (like baptism) or societal ritual (like shaking hands), but personal ritual.
I've been wondering which aspects of a behavior determine whether it's ritual or rut.
And how I can possibly develop more rituals and fewer ruts in my life.
This has all come about because lately, I've been thinking about the Big Picture.
Granted, not the global, world-issues Big Picture, just MY Big Picture.
The same thought keeps coming back to me: I lived my first 40 years largely as a leaf, blowing about in the wind.
Like that bag in American Beauty.
it was not self-determined.
I want the next 40 years to be lived on purpose.
How do I do that?
And how can I start now?
And, the corollary: how easy it is to slip into old habits, once back at home.
[It makes sense that there is concern for addicts or alcoholics who successfully gets straight or sober some place other than where they live.
and then eventually have to return home to old triggers.]
So anyway.
Ritual.
Rut.
That, and they may not be exactly great for you.
I'm not advocating all-structure, all-the-time or anything.
At least in my experience.
I'd like to say that my rituals are more active and crunchy.
Here are some rituals I HAVE managed to cultivate:
* Every day when I come home from work, the first thing I do is put on my pajamas.
Maybe that doesn't sound like a ritual.
* Every other Saturday, Catharine and I get manicures and pedicures.
A time to relax, be pampered, catch up.
and we come away with the cutest toes ever!
There are all sorts of mini-rituals that go into this regular event, including the collection of picnic dinner items and the precision methodology by which one gets the perfect spot on the lawn.
Maybe after this show ends, I'll be able to start a new garden.
I've just realized in trying to make a list of my rituals, that I really don't have many.
How very telling.
When I imagine the rituals of others, things like a daily, morning run (something hard for me to fathom, I admit), meditation, feeding the ducks on Thursdays, after-dinner strolls with your family, poker night, date night.
and the like are what come to mind.
Always.
and.
Is that a rut.
or just something totally mental that I do?
Anyway, I don't want to sully this post with MY list of rituals and ruts.
How do you think we can instill more meaningful rituals into our lives?
From talking with cartoonists, I get the sense that most of them find it debilitating, too.
Don't sweat it, that's just my perception: I traveled the hour and a half trip down on Saturday with American Hero Chris Mautner (he attained that storied status by agreeing to drive), arrived a half-hour after the doors opened, stayed until 5:30, then went right back home.