This was the best summer I have ever experienced.
I've found it but I've also found other tunnels.
Good night friends!!
See yaaaa tomarrow.
The tingling of my fingers.
The fog that replaces my brain.
Almost past the tv.
I can only imagine my face looks like those people who try to throw their soul away.
I hate fucking pills.
I just came back yesterday from California.
I had a blast in california hanging out with my family and friends.
Thank you to everyone who made me feel at home.
I stayed at my best friends Ginny's house.
:) I love ya :)
My best friend, her grandma Doris and my sisterfriend planned a surprise baby shower for me and Hailey on saturday.
Thank you so much for everyone who came.
:) Hailey recieved many gift cards (because I couldn't bring that much on the plane back home) and cute baby clothes and toys!!
Thank you everyone!
We had a wonderful yummy cake, fruit and veggie treats.
My friend Misty brought her cute new baby girl, Jamie!!
She is so adorable!!
We played fun baby games and caught up on some old times.
I had a blast thank you friend!!!!
Here are some pics!!!
Thank you guys.
I miss you so much and can't wait to see Ginny, Sister friend and my mom in a couple months!!!
Love you
So many lies about who you're talking to, where you're going, what you're doing.
The people that just have to send a "hug" and it puts a smile on your face.
You don't know their middle name or the age of their sister.
Yet you know things about them that not even their parents know, and it doesn't matter.
They manage to save you're life without actually ever seeing you.
They don't care how pretty you are or what clothes you wear.
They are amazing.
and I love them.
My life is falling apart and I don't mean online.
I'm becoming a broken toy and now that I have had twelve (I counted) vials of blood drawn, I just feel like I'm compltely useless.
I started callin myself Aki-sama XD It's fun.
*flails* At least it's not the unable to say anything gig that I had with Erik.
I want to get to know him and know more about him.
We had one last semester and now we have one this semester.
The Charlotte Observer featured this article about deep-fried Coke a few days ago, which is appaling enough by itself.
(Speaking of deep-fried shit, did you know there was a town in Texas where they take a Snickers bar, wrap it in bacon, and then deep-fry it?)
How awesome is this country?
Had a lovely birthday yesterday with Alex and Christine.
Been seeing so many good friends and refilling my cell-phone contacts.
Visiting Bard was like a warm blanket.
Earlham is also making me feel more happy than I feel at home.
Oh and also, I'm listening to an audio book of "The Time-Traveler's Wife" and loving it.
Octoberfest was awesome.
Hellhammer did a lot of family time this event.
When someone fake throws something and you move out of instint so fast, that you have easily been missed, you get made fun of for it.
well, sort of.
My manager also went to throw a fake punch.
The speed was pretty fast, but I was too fast for him, and had it blocked easy.
I didn't even mean to.
All I know was stuff is moving, do this.
I even sometimes think I need more tables.I did get to pick up some tables during the rush.
I made 23% of what I sold last night.
Granted, I did get stiffed once, but thats okay because it happens.
I also got a ton of compliments including from a couple of strippers that weren't even mine.
This is how most friday and Saturday nights go.
From now on, to me Friday the thirteenth will mean the opposite of what it means to most people.
What a ridiculously awesome time I had yesterday.
It must have been all your good lucks and have funs that did it.
And Mr. Dude has agreed to let me take some photos of him.
I didn't get around to it last night, but I will, and he is quite the little photogenic looking type.
Really starting to lose it.
Last night I watched Ricou Browning's bleak exploit actioner Mr. No Legs on my laptop while watching G.H. Clouzot's terse, relentless The Wages of Fear on the plasma.
Lowbrow/highbrow bifurcation, anyone?
To pencil in those few vacant nanosecs I read Dennis Perrin's Mr. Mike: The Life and Work of Michael O'Donoghue.
Earlier, I sped past the finale of Frank Rich's The Greatest Story Ever Sold.
My head is a WMD, and my hard drive is naught but night soil.
Sadness Dept: Just heard on NPR that Gillo Pontecorvo died.
Drat.
Click here for the New York Times' obit.
He directed the seminal Battle of Algiers and shortly thereafter, Burn!, which starred Marlon Brando.
(I screened it at VSU in '04 for my faculty advisors and they seemed fairly stunned by it. Strange.)
Burn!
is far more confounding, but its flaws fail to obsure a provocative subtext.
Ogro is a Franco-era policier and all the more grim for its muted tone and washed-out palette.
Get 'em and watch alongside Click, or New York Minute.
Everything will soon become clear.
Here is a recent interview of Abhishek Bachchan and the man talks about his latest career developments, his dad and of course the remake Sholay: Some excerpts from the MSN site.
On Dad And His Birthday
"The most wonderful gift that dad got this birthday was the love ofamitabh-abhishek09.jpg his fans that he gets every year.
But the Legion Of Honour comes a close second."
"What a fabulous gift for dad on his birthday!
Its fantastic.
Earlier, I believe Satyajit Ray got it.
Well, great.
It just shows that Indian cinema is making inroads into the West.
It is high time the world stood up and recognised Indian cinema.
And they are doing precisely that.&quot;
We as a family are truly honoured.
Its a matter of pride for every Indian when a recognition like this comes to dad from a cinema-savvy country like France."
On Ram Gopal Varma&apos;s Sholay:
"I think its a wonderful idea to remake Sholay.
Every filmmaker has the creative right to carry his vision into whatever area he chooses.
But I think Ramus Sholay will be a brilliant interpretation of Ramesh uncle (Sippy)s classic."
"Therell always be naysayers.
All I can say is, knowing Ramus abilities from close quarters Im pretty sure even Ramesh uncle will be very proud of the film Ramu makes."
Thats right, only 2 more until showtime!!!
The show is coming together awesome.
It will also be very technical as we work out kinks in the show with props and lighting.
I don't know if anyone read the blog I posted last night.
I stand by what I said in that I don't know if I'm going to be filming ever again.
But the rest of it came across as a really angry, drunken rant.
It wasn't meant to be that way, but it was.
I don't know when or if I will end up seeing anyone again but please know that I can understand if you don't want to see me again.
If anyone wants to give me a call I'd be more than happy to answer it.
I really don't know how you put up with me.
Hey all !!
lol.
My howland friend Alyssa came with me and we danced the night away.Most of my friends went which was awsome.
there was only a few of us single people there but it was cool.
im sitting here listeing to Hinder:Lips of an Angel.
which is one of the slow songs i got to dance with one of my friends Nick who graduated Mathews last year.Hes awsome we danced alot together!Luvs!
It was really cold tho.
but it didn't snow like it said it was suppost to but ne way.
the dance was awsome.The music was really cool.
too much rap and not enough rock for my taste but it was all good I was just happy getting out on the dance floor and getting my groove on.lol.
I also got to see some howland people i once knew (Drew was one) That was pretty cool!
haha We did the Cha Cha slide and we were all so close together.
they need a bigger dance floor lmao.
I just loved last night!!
Ha!
And after the dance Me,Lyssa,Kayla,Matt,Mary,and Lauren all went bowling for about an hour cause lauren had to be home at a certain time.
then Lyssa,me,matt,and Kayla couldn't find someplace good to eat that was open 1 in the morning so we all went in to giant eagle and bought junk food haha.
We were all in our homecoming dresses still.
it was ammusing.hehehe.But yea overall I haven't had that much fun in a very long time!!
yea well im gonna go now.
im done telling you about my wonderful night lol.
Ill be puting pics up soon.
whenever i can.
Grace Danielle was born Wendsday, October 11, 2006 at 11:48 AM.
Shw weighed 7 lbs 5 oz and is 20.5 inches long.
I can't believe she is FINALLY here!!!
After the doctor on Tuesday, I cleaned house, played basketball and soccer with Levi, then went to Amanda's to sit and talk with her while she moved in.
They were like 4-5 minutes apart.
Except she dosen't look a THING like me. Everyone seems to think she has alot of Daniel in her.
:) Levi is really exciting to be a big brother, he thinks she is sooooo cool.
But anyways.
I'll be putting more pictures up probably sometime this week so keep your eye out for the AMAZING GRACE!!!
My name is ashley.
I go to archbishop Ryan high school.
Im a senior.
I want to go to CCP when i graduate and take up a career in either nursing or ultrasound technician.
Right now i have my permit i can get my liscence in feb. I have a car but i need a job in order to pay for my insurance so i cant drive it yet.
My life on the weekdays is tae kwon do its what i was born to do i love i there i love to teach people who want to be taught.
Everyone there is amazing its like my second home.
Thats about it if you want to know anything else about me just let me know.
luckily we won that one.
it was a tough game to play though.
then yesterday, the tournament in ajax.
it was pertty goood.
thought we coulda beat them.
annnd this morning we beat  gl roberts.
overall it was a pretty good tournament.
i learned a lot about the game
and about me i guess?
didn't get a lot of points but had a lot of assists =)
i'm always happy with those.
had a good chill time with team at dever's house.
his dog was sooo cute.
hehe
o'connor monday?
anyway.
i'm kinda in that zone now.
i don't know why.
i didn't think the focus was there but it is there now.
however i do miss volleyball.
Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting
live life with no regrets.
Even it maybe means i won't see you screen again.
Crossposting from my message board, cuz I'm lazy.
So I went to spend the night at Irvine's Eye Patch's place.
I can't remember all the little details or they just don't make much sense.
I woke up once during the dream and was like, "oh crap, no, go back" and managed to get back to it somehow.
o_o
being fixed up.
So in the dream there were times where we were both kinda unsure, but it was still happy (for the both of us I hope).
That's odd though, as I don't usually care for dressy occassions.
BUT HEY.
WHAT ARE DREAMS FOR?
I totally didn't want to wake up, I can say that.
XD
So yeah, I just had to share that.
XD I wish I remembered the details better.
;_;
(I did see some Fuzors figurines for like.
RD, Sweet and someone else while that lady was doing my hair.
WTF)
i'm finally reading the amazing adventures of kavalier &amp; clay.
i've wanted to since i first heard about it.
i got a copy for my birthday.
i think it's just what i need right now-- something long and somewhat chewy.
i'm not very far along but i'm quite enjoying it.
I'm in Buena Vista at these hot springs and it should be awesome but I didn't sleep one little bit last night.
It seriously took my 4 hours to fall asleep for like one half-hour then 10 minutes in between each of those little episodes.
I don't want to do anything here.
I don't want to go on a hike or anything at all.
I just want to go home.
I think the pain and awkwardness of attending your reception is worth seeing your face again.
I could have danced with you.
I miss you so much.
I've never missed anyone so much as you.
I'm sitting here in this lobby thing and crying and it's very embarassing but I can't help it because I just want you and me to run away and I want you to hold me for one whole night and rock me to sleep.
Kiss my hair.
All that stuff I just have to imagine or dream up for now.
And I couldn't even dream last night, so now I'm deprived of that.
I want to go home.
I miss you.
Well Im finishing up my first week at Jubans, its really awesome.
I think I almost know deserts and Salads already and Im getting familiar with Fry.
They schedule me for Pantry whihc is like aps salads prep helper guy Im not exactly sure what my job is but I work the whole time Im there.
We get drinks after work too and the food I can eat is awesome.
I ate some Bison yesterday it was boss.
I got a B on my German Lit Test.
messed up a Quiz in Biology which sucks.
Oh well its nothing too too bad but its making me nervous.
Truly horrifying footage of a Disney character orgy backstage at one of their shows."
Well, not so much an orgy, but really rather amusing!
I just stood there in shock!
My gigantic art history text book is lying open on my bed, revealing the Etruscan Art chapter I've been leafing through.
Various books on Classical Greek art are stacked about my room, waiting to be used for my Classical Civ essay.
The Baghavad Gita, the divine dialogue between Arjuna and Krishna, is also waiting to be re-read.
I've left my Apollodorus Library of Greek Mythology on my bedside table, having just finished Jason and the Argonauts.
My parents were either really clever or entirely oblivious towards the humor of my name and my brother's: Jason, Greek, a mythic hero.
Amanda, Latin, the verb "to love".
Two names of classical antiquity for two students studying.
Humanities.
Another slight parallel I find amusing: Jason played Heracles in Alcestes last year, just as I am playing Hippolyta in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sock n' Buskin is a really fun theatre company, I'm liking my occaisional rehersal.
Most of the actors are graduates or working in their own theatre company, so maybe some networking will come of this.
The point of this spiel was
I can't imagine my bedroom without all these books
And by extension
This awesome program
barely touching upon these cultures and these texts.
I had bought him a flask with the Latin inscription Te Amo on it.
He had bought me a statue of the
I spent a couple of hours on a trip last night/this morning in the early am.
The light of the wanning moon was pale, but after the rainfall of the evening, the wetness gave the darkness a bright shimmering contrast of pale blue silver.
I spoke with the Earth, the sky and everything I feel is real.
There are so many things we think we know, convince ourselves are real.
Heh.
we claim that our perception of reality is real.
In style of zen Buddhism, I say that we are all wrong, the monkey is god, and apples are the truth.
Of course they are.
Phil
p.s. Where did my sanity go?
Actually, I think I dropped it in a bottomless puddle last night.
So I'm sittin' at the C Dubs bar right now on Chun's computer typing a blog to update all you people out there!
So Adam and I went to App State to go hiking.
Other than that, as usual, I've been working like whoa.
I'm broke like whoa, but I'm still working.
I've been talking to Laura on the phone almost daily, and we're both very excited to see that little baby growing inside of her!
As a matter of fact she called me this morning and told me that she was going to Upstate New York to go to her cabin.
That would be so awesome!
Snow in October!
I haven't even seen snow in years and to have it in October it too much to wrap around my little head!
I'm missing everyone in Wisconsin with the Blue Stars, and sad that I had to leave early.
Miss you guys!
Other than all of this I'm still trying to move upstairs, and it looks like Tuesday will be the day.
We'll see though, it keeps changing!
Hope all is well in your worlds!
Keep It Real And Live Good,
I can honestly say my views of the world I live in changed while in high school.
Even though I had began participating more in the Catholic church while in junior high, it wasn't until I were about 15 when I began to take a more active role in the church.
I remember being so impressed, with the youth programs of the other parishes in my area, and the stong bond that everyone had withen their own groups, regardless of the social status of each person.
When they were together everyone was equal.
Which was such a contrast when compared to the small group I belonged to.
I began pushing for the group to start doing more for themselves and for everyone else that was around them.
We began to help serve lunches at the local Loaves &amp; Fishes,  volunteer work for the school at our parish, offer lodging for other traveling youth groups.
There were also other various events that I ended up doing on my own, due to the lack of interest from others in my group.
I remember doing endless fundraisers for almost everything we did.
There were national events for Catholic youth that were able to attend, religious retreats, missionary work, and myself and a very few others were selected to goto a Christian leadership program that was offered at the time.
See, the whole time that I was trying to develop my own faith, attending events with other parishes, and all the work I did with my own group.
I actually thought I was making a difference.
And sadly.
Everyone has been given a gift in life.
Some people are quite talented in the arts, some have awesome talent in athletics, and some have been gifted with beauty.
Simply by just listening to them speak, and more often just being in someones presence has been known to have the answer someone is looking for to just dawn on them.
How can being popular be a problem?
It was too much weight for me to carry, my own plus everyone elses.
and then it happened.
I am sitting here with head phones on and listening to music.
My son.
he's 12 is upstairs practicing his trombone.
This is his first year in band.
I can hear it thru the headphones and over the music im listening to.
Every now and then.
I get a jolt of something REAL loud and it makes me jump.
She is afraid to.
I really have alot of hope for my son.
I hope that he can learn to play well and I really do hope he is enjoying himself.
No matter the pain is may cause the rest of the family.
As long as he is happy.
Perhaps a nice hot bubble bath and a bottle of rum would help.
My husband who was not going to work today.
decided to go to work.
How nice for him.
But.
I wonder how long he will practice for?
Vegas was a lot of fun.
The reception was a friggen blast!
Champagne, music, and me trying to catch those damn flowers.
(didn't catch em by the by) Imagine this: My bro taking his neck tie off of Marie's thigh with his teeth while "girls just wanna have fun" blasts in the background!
We went shooting in our regular spot out in the desert behind this mountain.
(Mike, James, Victoria and I.)
(look at my pics).
(Leslie, Steve, Mark, Aj, and Josh.)
add some jack and cokes and a wendy's drive through and it's a REAL party!!
My bro is leaving for Iraq again and, well, you know how that goes.
As Sean put it, it's not like Vietnam where 4 of 5 americans will die, so that really put it into perspective for me. I know he'll be safe and come home in one piece, but the scary thought still kinda lingers in the background of my mind.
Everybody hates everybody, everybody lies, talks shit behind backs, and treats people like shit.
My mother truly wants to murder my father, and then gets pissed off when i don't agree with her.
UGH!
ya, i'd say that's some fucked up shit.
=) It was the perfect end to a crappy day.
(well, it could have been better if.
well you know.
Basically, I just want to focus on staying busy and staying happy.
So, if you would like to contribute to the "make me smile" foundation", let's party!
Ok. Here is how yeterday went.
after school I went home and got ready to go the the Homecoming parade.
Joe and Matt picked me up and took me over there.
I rode on the firetruck w/ the cheerleders and v-ball players.
that was sooo fun.
lol.
I threw Mardi Gras Beads at Matt and Joe.
hehehehhe ;) neeeways.
after that we went to Wal-mart and walked around.
then went home and got ready for the game.
:) At the game.
the band perfomed.
WE WERE TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!
lol.
We won by several of points.
yay!!!!
lol.
after the game we went to the dance where I had the best night of my life!!!
was so awesome.
I cant even explain in words how much fun I had.
;) hehehehe.
I can honestly say that was the best Homecomg ever!!!!
Its soooo sad b/c it was my last one.
:( at least I had a blast!!!!
lol.
but yea.
I dont know what else to say except that I love spending time w/ Joe.
:) *sighs* lol.
And hanging out w/ Celeste and Matt was totally awesome 2!!!
Love u all!!
Here I am again!
Broadcasting this time from the New World.
It's been a solid half year since I sent word out, and I will now attempt to encapsulate the last six months into one last epic email.
Exciting, no?
So, to the task!
Well.
where did we leave off?
I believe it was April, and spring had just arrived.
I'll start my narrative with a little anecdote about how small the world really is. So I was going to work one day, headed to one of the hostels around Berlin to pick people up for the tour, and then bring them back to the Brandenburg Gate where the tour starts.
I had never been to this particular hostel before, and as I entered and gave my little spiel about the tour and asked if anyone wanted to come along, I was met not with a roar of enthusiasm from the hostel residents, but rather a few dull, glass-eyed looks and was generally ignored.
As I was preparing to leave, one guy over at the computers yelled out for me to wait, approached me and said hello.
He had arrived twenty minutes beforehand at the hostel, hadn't even checked in yet, and just happened to be in the lobby when I was.
So he just took his backpack with him and came on my tour.
We had a great time catching up, and went out that night together as well.
But it's certainly strange how you randomly run in to people you haven't seen in years, in little hole-in-the-walls in Europe.
Fun times.
The rest of April passed rather uneventfully, and in May I went to see a production of Faust Part I at the Deutsches Theater.
And this particular piece was by far the best play I have EVER seen.
It was also incredibly simple, cutting the normally huge cast down to only seven performers.
It's moments like that that remind me why I've chosen theatre as a profession.
My next big adventure was a trip I took to London at the end of May. I had never been before, and had been planning on this trip for about six months.
I was lucky enough to be able to stay with some friends to cut down on the cost, and see a different side of London life.
It was sooooo much fun!
I saw most of the major sites on my own, and I went to the theater almost every night I was there.
The show was trash.
Horrible.
Horribly acted, horribly directed, weak script.
And interminably long!
Three hours of horror.
I wanted to leave at intermission, but my date was really enjoying it (should have been a sign) so we stayed.
I guess the one good thing I took from it was that I know now that the British are just as capable as we are of producing really awful work.
It was nice to understand that, just wish I didn't have to experience it first hand.
While in London I also saw Coriolanus at the Globe Theater.
Now this was amazing.
Shakespeare, old school.
The performers were incredible, and one of the generals was played by Geoffrey, the butler from Fresh Prince of Bellaire.
That in itself was hilarious, and made us love the show even more.
I also saw Les Miserables for the first time, and it was fun.
Loved London.
Loved the free museums.
Especially the British Museum.
Great East London accents.
Soooo many monuments, including two statues in front of Buckingham Palace that had a conspicuous Communist message.
It was a worker with a hammer and a peasant woman with a sickle situated behind Queen Victoria's back , and glowering at the palace.
Now maybe I was just reading too much into this, or maybe I had spent too much time in the eastern bloc talking about Communist symbolism.
But I don't' think so.
And the funniest part, the two statues said they were donated by New Zealand.
Curious.
next time you're in Wellington, watch out for the Kiwi Commies!
After London came the World Cup.
Now I have a confession to make: before the World Cup began I had actually never seen an entire soccer game from start to finish.
That changed very quickly.
The hordes of people would change from day to day, for instance there was a three day period where we had over 90,000 Swedes in the city, leading up to their dramatic defeat at the hands of Zeh Germans.
Then there were the Brazilians, everywhere, singing-clapping-dancing-taking pictures, and of course the pale and pasty Brits with their cock-eyed stares and drinking songs.
Loads of fun.
I didn't have tickets to any of the games, but my group of friends would always go to a cafe or bar of the nationality that was playing to watch the match.
So to a French cafe for the France-Swiss game, a Tapas bar when Spain played, drank Caiprinhas with the passionate Brazilians, etc. It was a colorful and hilarious way to take part without fighting the crowds.
And let me tell you how good the World Cup was for Berlin as a city, and Germany as a nation.
Another interesting element was the latent patriotism that emerged during the Cup.
Now this merits explaining: before the World Cup began, if you waved a German flag in the streets, you would probably be called a Nazi and at the very least labeled as a radical right wing nutter.
You have to understand that the Germans have had a really difficult time with their national identity (and subsequently national pride or patriotism of any kind) since the Second World War.
And for what it's worth I agree with them, it makes me nervous too.
So.
People were genuinely excited about supporting their national team, and taking pride in its accomplishments.
Now this newfound enthusiasm certainly was not shared by everyone.
In fact the entire month of June was one continuous debate in the media between prominent politicians, celebrities, writers (such as Guenther Grass and Christa Wolf), and other intellectuals about the meaning, origin and impact of this nationalism.
And of course no one can laboriously dissect an idea better than the Germans.
But the general consensus after five weeks of debate was that the newfound national pride was a positive thing.
In June I had also been training at work to lead tours of Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp, which I started at the end of the month.
This camp, about 40 miles north of Berlin was the second major camp to be opened in the Nazi system, and was also used by the Russians after the war to intern former Nazi's and anyone else deemed an 'enemy of the state'.
Given the dark history of such a place you can well imagine the difficulty of retelling that information, and trying to put it into some kind of historical context.
I ended up doing tours out there for the duration of the summer.
After a July of beautiful weather and great summer adventures, I traveled with my good Australian friend Kurt to a theater festival in Cyprus.
The occasion was that a good friend of mine from North Texas, Jessica, was playing the title role in Medea at a theater festival there.
I was planning on going to Greece sometime anyway, so we spent three days in Athens, and two and a half in Cyprus.
Now this was ridiculous amounts of fun!
The city is a sweaty, dirty, polluted hole.
Take your impression of a squalor-filled Mediterranean capital, and add this to your image: 10 story apartment buildings everywhere, in 100 degree heat, all cooled by wall-mounted air conditioners, a.k.a. swamp boxes.
Now take into account that said air conditioners are mounted on the windows, sticking out over the street.
Now imagine the condensation from thousands of swamp box coolers pitter pattering on your head as you stroll down the trashy Athens streets.
Now add a couple of poorly placed ancient columns.
But it was close.
And the city itself really is lovely, in it's own way.
But two days back to back was more than enough.
We took a day trip out to Sunion, the very tip of Greece, to see the temple of Poseidon.
Now this was really amazing.
It took us about two hours to get out there, and then we climbed around and played on the rocks for about an hour, taking pics of the magnificent old temple ruin that is literally clinging to the cliff face.
And then we watched in amazement with fifty other tourists as the sun went down in front of the temple, over the Mediterranean.
The sky is so amazing in Greece, it feels like you could really reach up and touch it, it's so close!
And of course this just enhanced the magic of the sunset, as the red orb of  the sun ever so slowly retreated behind the furthest hill.
Just FYI.
They also bake bread for you on the plane so that your in flight meal is fresh.
Not bad.
Cyprus was amazing.
We saw Jessica's production of Medea, and were treated incredibly well by her colleagues at the festival.
We stayed in a tiny mountain village called Droushia, and these people brought hospitality to incredible new heights.
They did everything they could to make us feel welcome, everything from putting us up in a beautiful hotel, refusing to let us pay for anything, and making sure that our stay on their island was as enchanting as the stories always make it out to be.
We spent pretty much the whole day (outside of a decadent lunch at the beach house) in the water.
Tomorrow we'll go somewhere special."
And they weren't kidding.
The next morning, the last day of the festival, they piled us all into four wheel drive vehicles, and took us off the map to an area that I will henceforth be labeling The Blue Lagoon.
Imagine the most incredible, horseshoe shaped cove, with unimaginably blue water, and a giant stone underneath the water, hundreds of meters long and wide, adding depth to the color.
What's more, we had the whole place to ourselves.
Our hosts had brought along a lunch of fresh fruit and we broke our fast on a cliff overlooking the whole gorgeous expanse.
It was really interesting staying with them in this little mountain village, and getting to experience a bit of what their culture was all about.
Oh and the food is incredible.
They make their own very strong coffee, and Haloumi cheese, which we were told (a hundred different times by all the little old ladies) was goat cheese.
But not feta.
Haloumi.
Haloumi has nothing to do with Feta.
Don't ever mistake Haloumi for Feta, or you might have a flock of barely intelligible Cypriot grammas spend half an hour pinching your cheek and explaining the difference in broken Greco-English.
Its really a testament to the vision of the ancients that in our world of skyscrapers and technical gadgetry, we are still fascinated by a two thousand year-old arrangement of stones.
After returning from Greece my last few weeks in Berlin passed very quickly.
I was leading loads of tours, and working on a short film I was directing.
The time flew by and before I knew it, August was at an end and my doorstep was graced by my best friend Lance, who had come to Berlin for my last week.
So I spent the next six days in a haze of working my final tours, partying, and showing Lance the city that I had come to love so much over the last two years.
Lance and I spent the better part of the next three days lounging around Zurich and drinking in Switzerland.
People say London or Paris is expensive; no.
Zurich is expensive.
But we didn't let that discourage us.
We had a ball in Zurich.
We went on a walking tour, went to the City Museum (located in an old castle, very cool), and had a good time relaxing and enjoying the AMAZING views.
The city is incredibly beautiful, tucked into the Alps and right on the water.
After our detox detour en Suisse, we headed via night train to Paris.
I think the most important thing I can say about this city, is that all of the rumors: That the city's dirty, the people are rude, the language barrier is insurmountable, the metro is incomprehensible, you things will be stolen, that they hate Americans.
It's called the city of love and light for a reason.
The Eiffel Tower is breathtaking, and seeing it in person destroys its cliche and makes you fall in love with the thing.
The people are absolutely LOVELY.
We encountered so many genuinely wonderful, helpful, content people.
Everything from trying to order a baguette in the morning (my Francais is tres terrible) to asking directions or talking to cabbies, we were always pleasantly surprised at how open and welcoming they were.
And they all seem to really enjoy their city.
They know how beautiful it is, and they appreciate it.
And man, it is gorgeous.
So many public spaces, parks museums, gardens.
And people are out in them all the time.
There was a fabulous sense of community there.
My favorite part about the city parks were the 'nap chairs'.
So we went across the street to the park, it was about 2:00 pm.
There were people all over the place, and lots of benches and chairs.
We noticed that about half of the chairs were slanted at a 45 degree angle.
I thought: "that's strange, what's that about?"
We found out when we headed over to two of these chairs that were situated in the shade, and plopped down.
They were perfect for taking a catnap.
We looked around and noticed that there were lots of people all over the park, in the municipal nap chairs, taking a snooze.
Well, when in Rome.
so we did the same.
Had a little hour sleep, got back up and headed back into the colossal Louvre for another few hours.
What other city would use tax payer dollars to provide napping chairs in a public park?
Vive la France!
We really had a ball in Paris.
We went to Versailles, we went to Notre Dame, and on a fabulous bike tour.
The most interesting thing we learned on the bike tour was that when the revolutionaries stormed the Bastille, there were only 7 prisoners left in it.
6 were petty thieves and the seventh was a boy whose father had sent him there for a few weeks as  disciplinary measure.
Montmartre, the old bohemian artist district, five minutes from the Sacre Coeur Cathedral.
Every night after dinner we'd climb the hill to the cathedral and sit on the steps.
The Cathedral is the highest point in Paris, and from its northerly vantage point, you have the entire city spread out at your feet.
It's a pretty breathtaking sight.
On the steps there was always sort of an impromptu party with musicians and performers and other city-watchers gathering with a bottle of wine and a merry spirit.
Those evenings on the steps are some of my favorite memories from Paris.
Upon arrival back in the states, we changed clothes and went directly to a Counting Crows concert, which was my birthday present from Lance.
What an incredible end to an incredible journey.
Thus, is my two year Grande Tour at an end.
It took me to 11 different countries and incalculable new experiences.
I've returned ready for a fresh start, collecting new experiences on this side of the pond.
The last few weeks I've been in Lubbock, trying to readjust to life in America and spending lots of time with my family.
I was also lucky enough to be hired to direct a show for Frenship high school, which went up last Sunday.
It was a Commedia dell'Arte piece titled The Red Hat, and went extremely well.
It was a nice way for me to get to stretch those theater muscles and earn a little something at the same time.
And though my European adventure is over (for the moment) my American one starts tomorrow.
I'm moving to Chicago Sunday morning, in the hopes of getting started there as an director and performer.
I'm excited about the move, and the opportunities and challenges that await me there.
There was  a lot to pack in.
I hope all of you are well; that you have made it through the summer, and are excited about the upcoming (rapidly approaching) holiday season!
I'll be in New York for New Year's, so if you're going to be in that area, let me know and we'll ring it in together.
I wish you all a fabulous week, and a warm and safe start to the wintry season.
All the best till we meet again!
So.
first day of school.
Yeah.
My classes all seem fine.
Except math.
But math just sucks, and I've accepted that.
Some of my teachers seem quite amazing, and others I know for a fact to be amazing.
So, all-in-all, pretty good, right?
Honestly, while I was dating the child, I barely saw him in school.
Now, I see him all the time, and I'm pretty sure he'll be right outside the door my photography room after class every day for the rest of this trimester.
Unless Brandon and Meg break up, that is.  Which is unlikely, so I shouldn't even hope on that one.
I also found out that Junior year, will, in fact, be a bitch.
I have recieved homework in four of my seven classes.
AP World is going to be the hardest thing I'll ever do (academically, anyway).
Ah, well.
It's nothing a strong woman such as myself cannot handle with a little bit of DragonForce and mental pep talks.
("You can deal with this, Nyssa.
You can handle high school drama.") Also, I have so many friends, and all of them are true, caring, trustworthy friends who love me and are supporting me 100%.
I can come through this year triumphantly and with grace.
I have looked forward to this year even before last year ended.
This is the year where everything happens.
This is my year to be happy.
This is my year to try new things and to succeed!
This is the year when I get to test myself: my mind, my body, and myself.
This is my first year where I am truly Nyssa Jane Towsley.
This is my first year of loving myself.
I also found out that Junior year, will, in fact, be a bitch.
I have recieved homework in four of my seven classes.
AP World is going to be the hardest thing I'll ever do (academically, anyway).
Ah, well.
It's nothing a strong woman such as myself cannot handle with a little bit of DragonForce and mental pep talks.
("You can deal with this, Nyssa.
You can handle high school drama.") Also, I have so many friends, and all of them are true, caring, trustworthy friends who love me and are supporting me 100%.
I can come through this year triumphantly and with grace.
I have looked forward to this year even before last year ended.
This is the year where everything happens.
This is my year to be happy.
This is my year to try new things and to succeed!
This is the year when I get to test myself: my mind, my body, and myself.
This is my first year where I am truly Nyssa Jane Towsley.
This is my first year of loving myself.
I look forward to learning and discovering even more of who I am, and loving every inch of it.
Edit:
I cannot believe the nerve of this man. God.
I need to just.
kill something.
Paul.
I think I'd really like to talk to you right now.
Blar.
at least they punched holes in it) that is my BIO lab course "book."
What's even worse, it's copied so poorly that the last half inch of text on the far right side of the page is cut off, so as I try to read in preparation for the lab tomorrow I'm trying to coherently complete sentences and make sense of it all, which is often impossible because so much is left out.
AND we're required to have this new kind of remote control clicker which none of the libraries have for (free) check out, so I have to pay $20 (+$12.50 activation fee) for something that doesn't work consistently, eats batteries, and will provide me with 3 and a half months of use.
Again, makes me so angry.
That's like, four or five or more meals!
Or a new pair of jeans!
Or two meals in Europe.
Poopy poopy poopy.
Can you tell I buy books with my own money?
They pay room and board, and tuition and that's it.
Which is the bulk of my expenses, but I'm paying for my food outside of campus meal plan food, and my books, and whatever else I need.
So I guess that counts for something.
*cries* Such is life I spose.
I am in such a bad mood and I'm playing the blame game in my head, getting angry at people for things that are really quite trivial.
I forgot how demeaning BME classes are.
Dr. Roy, my prof for BME 314 expects us to have taken an Anatomy/Physiology class at some point in our lives.
I haven't.
He was asking all these questions that I was completely baffled by and people were just spouting answers.
Sometimes I wonder how in the world I made it in, and every day I wonder how I'm going to make it through.
Matt and I decided that BME really isn't a good undergrad major, there's a reason it's generally proposed as a Master's degree.
I mean, we already need 133 (ish) hours to graduate which, for you non college people, is about 8-10 more than any engineering major and more than that more for a non engineering major.
In addition to that, we keep encountering classes where the professor expects you to have taken general classes that you haven't (the anatomy/physiology is one, and thermodynamics is another one that Matt is having a problem with).
I need to find a good time/place where I can go pray and unwind.
I dont' know where that is yet.
I don't feel like I ever have that kind of privacy where I can talk to God and cry and figure things out.
I always tear up in church too, for different reasons.
I love the way God brings people together.
Ok. I'm feeling somewhat better now.
I'm going to finish my book before I go to bed.
Girls, I highly reccomend In Her Shoes, especially if you have a sister I'm enjoying it immensely and it has effectively distracted from my schoolwork almost all day.
I think I spent the better part of two hours reading today.
I learned that the Life Sciences library in the main building has exceedingly comfortable couches Anyhoo.
I spose I'm off for now.
wherever.
These small indicators remind me that, in the Silvia Plath sense of the concept, I'm dying.
Someday I will be no more than slime coating the expensive, cushiony, velvety inside of a coffin.
The rickety deck I'm sitting on could fall, I could catch a stray bullet to the noggin on my way to my car in the parking lot, I could be nailed by a drunk, inattentive, careless, or simply unfortunate driver on the way home.
These are all unlikely, but they happen.
I see it everyday on the news.
My mortality is nothing new, but I constantly have to ponder what I desire to take, achieve, or feel in this life.
Should I strive to be in someone's history book as the dude that invented.
rebuilt.
destroyed.
saved.
rescued.
wrote.
governed.
or do I simply want to live an average American life and be remembered under a large stone in a well kept cemetery, forgotten after my immediate reletaves, children, and grand children.
I could live in a suburban house environment with a family, a few cars, a boat, and a dog in the back yard?
Should I travel to faroff places that have interested me? England, France, Norway, Sweden, Lebanon, Israel, the Vatican?
Or should I sink my money into trying to acquire more and live in a Parade of Homes house with yuppie vehicles in the front, a Mastercraft boat with a huge ski rack, the list can go on and on.
What happens when I die?
Does an afterlife really exist?
That's one hour a week.
Should I start devoting myself to God, if there is such a being, in hopes of making it to Heaven?
There would be a constant trepedation that there is no gold at the end of that rainbow.
Different songs keep on playing.
No wonder past writers were able to produce their amazing feats of feeling and thought.
Their distractions were very limited.
My thoughts at the moment are somewhat melancholy, but can be completely forgotten at the push of a button mounted to an  Xbox, Dvd player, or VCR.
For the laziness in me, I feel compelled to fold my laptop, plug it in, and simply watch, but this whole trainwreck, a malformed offspring of a feeble mind, has to come to an end somehow.
The first words that come to mind are "in closing" or "to conclude", and then I quickly write a summary of what I just finished writing.
Maybe I should stop in mid sentence, just to
I am now the proud father of Daisy Alexandria Davolls.
Its all official, we sorted it out at the civic centre on Friday.
I now have a sweet little thing, that totally depends on her mum and me to do whats best.
I have the foresight of Supernanny and Honey we're killing the kids etc to thank as well as my own morals and my parents and peers too.
Its a funny old game life, but I think I am one step closer to understanding its purpose and meaning now.
I had a long hard look at my life over the last 14 days, and to be honest I wept.
I wept for all the mistakes I made where I put my feelings before the feelings of others.
I wept for all the times I said "f*ck you" instead of "thank you".
I still have a couple of vices, strong coffee and noodles, but have quit smoking, havent drunk for a couple of weeks and am feeling better about life.
My job is going really well, and I am getting a kick out of both going to work and coming home.
The pessimist in me awaits the phone call from the police or hospital or nuclear plant etc telling me the worst, crushing my hopes of a better tomorrow.
what is happiness
can you buy it?
can it be sold?
can you get there and back on a half tank of gas?
I think you can.
We are all essentially the same person.
other then physical attributes - what really makes us so different from one another.
Theoretically.
is there anything that Einstein did that I couldn't do.
we both have the same tools (a brain) so why can't I come up with a grad theory of relativity.
Simply because that is not where I have been directing my energy to.
The brain is an amazing tool and can be sculpted for any purpose.
however most people don't exert the mental energy required to expand your train of thought.
I believe all brains start out with the same potential and the way they are grown and shaped determined how they operate on default for the rest of your life unless you do something about it.
Have you ever met anyone without a fully developed brain?
They look at things only on the surface and read into nothing.
Listlessly they scratch at there head and the chains of thought don't delve to deep.
Do they know how lucky they are - to find contentment without looking.
more often you find things to bring you down or worry about.
A single lightning bolt from the sky can make a lifetime of panic and worry all worthless.
I think it is very easy to understand people once you realize that all people carry all the same personalities - just expressed to different proportions and degrees.
Whatever thought can be imagined - someone has taken that to the extreme.
True wisdom is growing your brain in all directions.
Life is finding the balance between compulsion and carelessness.
I am not saying I am anything other then happy - but I strive for a balance.
the perfect combination of all attributes.
the combination of all people balanced into one.
as defined by the dictionary
Balanced.
(of a person or state of mind) having no emotion lacking or too strong; stable : a balanced personality.
Happiness comes from within - your brain is a self regulating chemical factory.
but when you try to become your own mental chemist - ingesting chemicals to alter your feelings - you screw up the balance.
This phenomenon can best be seen and proved with steroid users.
The testes stop producing testosterone because it senses there is already too much testosterone in the system.
as a result - the balls shrink up and shut down.
The body is lazy - if you provide something for it - it stops providing for itself.
For example - the more you use chapstick - the less your lips produce their own moisture - making you further dependent on chapstick.
So while Cliche it is true.
"Happiness lies within" - the only way to be truly happy is to create it yourself and not rely on other people or things.
the Happiness they bring is only temporary.
Yet often that temporary happiness is more intense then a balanced contentment.
It is however usually accompanied by and equal sadness - it is life's way of balancing itself out in the endless pendulum swing of life.
So, this morning I get a phone call from my sister.
First she is all mad because I haven't called her back in a week.
Second of all she is laughing hysterically because she had to put her dog on doggie drugs because the dog learned how to open the window to get out and seems to be jewish because she likes the temple down the road.
Third she starts asking why I have only posted pics, so my dear sister, this is for you.
She wouldn;t come down today so instead of being bored out of my mind I went antiquing.
I figure I have a couple extra bucks so I budget a certain amount.
Ok, I spent 4 times what I budgeted, but I wanted that desk.
I almost bought this cool shiney glass "tumbler up" thingy.
I was dragged away, (it will be there tomorrow and I can go back alone).
Ok, the alignment was out on her BMW when she bought it and it wiped out the tires.
She didn;t give the dealer a chance to correct the problem, she paid a astronomical amount for new tires without telling the dealer and expected the dealer to reimburse her the full amount.
I tend to think not.
She said that a mechanic told her that the frame was bent.
I called the mechanic and inquired about it.
A shock mount was bad.
On that car, it won't affect alignment.
She started questioning my credentials because she drives a school bus for a living and knows what a safe vehicle is. Bitch.
I have twice the work experience required for the job and I have alot more schooling than is required.
Bitch.
I got her less than $500.00 back.
Bitch.
So when she writes her letter to the Commissioner and the director of vehicle safety reads my report, he will understand why I appear not to take her side.
I made lunch for a luncheon at work yesterday.
Cook up lamb for gyros.
They saw what I meant when they started eating it.
They went back for more.
As far as i can tell, it was a success.
They all complimented on it.
Killin me he is. He's a great guy and I want to marry him for his kitchen, he liked that one, hahaha.
Well, what can I say, he has a great kitchen, and the best cooking stuff, he doesn't even cook.
He's a great guy and I think the world of him.
Ok, I've said enough.
I need to figure what I'm going to throw out so I can move that desk from the middle of the dining room to one of the 2 rooms upstairs I occupy.
I had "Stars Don't Shine" stuck in my head earlier, and started singing it aloud to try and figure out what song it was, until I realized, too late, that it was Paris Hilton.
Our emotions are a gift from God.
But in order to recieve the blessing we must first realize that our emotions are always connected to a need being met or unmet.
By listening to our emotions and asking ourselves why we are feeling a particular emotion we can discover an unmet need or a need that has been satisfied.
For instance, if I feel sad because I have not seen my family in a long time my need for connection has not been met.
On the otherhand, if I feel happy because I have spent time with my family then my need for connection has been met.
How many times have we felt angry and as a result insulted, judged, criticized, blamed or physically hurt someone?
Probably too many to count.
We live in a society that has encourages us to stuff our emotions and a society that is by the most part feelings illiterate.
So, what can we do?
Well, for starters become aware of what we are feeling.
We can become conscious of what is going on inside us.
Once we put our finger on the emotion we are feeling we can then go on to vocalize it.
Marshall Rosenberg, author of Nonviolent Communication, has a four-step process for communication that incorporates identifying our feelings and needs into the model.
Part of that model involves asking the question, "I am feeling _______ because I am needing ______."
Rosenberg also calls this four step process "giraffe language."
He coined it giraffe language because the giraffe has the largest heart of all the mammals.
The heart is about 3 feet long and 3 inches thick all around.
The idea is that Nonviolent communication, which focuses on feelings and needs is the language of the heart because it focuses on what is alive in the heart.
By stating our feelings and needs to others we avoid blaming and criticizing them.
We can then go on to making a request instead of a demand to help ourselves satisfy our now recognized need.
When others are angry or upset with us we can also use this technique on them.
We can ask them, "Are you feeling ______ because you are needing _______?"
If we are not correct they will correct us and we will be closer to identifying the need they have and finding a way to resolve the situation.
By satisfying our needs and the needs of others we can reach a fair negotiation.
We can make a list of these feelings and be on the look out for them.
It may be that we need to take a timeout when we feel these feelings to avoid a conflict.
For instance, if we feel furious it may be better to take a one hour timeout and calm down.
Then when we are calm, focus on sharing our feelings and needs with others.
Many times in the past we have reacted like a lion when we feel angry or frustrated with others or ourselves.
Taking time to focus on our feelings and needs helps us not let the lion out and speak from the heart that language of the giraffe with ourselves and others.
For more information on Nonviolent Communication click here.
Highlights:
- Had one hell of a good vanila milkshake at Hard Rock Cafe, lets just say it was a 'satisfying' moment.
- Rome was fun with my best friend hanz, we managed to run out of money by the end and had mcDs for dinner at Florence
- Yoga at Ibiza was AWESOME, didn't want to leave!
It was sun, beach, tan, great veg.
meals, beautiful sunset, and I manage to pull off the yoga glow by the end of it.
- Felt sick eating crappy canteen food, but now back into the bad diet of coffee, shift work, and eating Shwaba on edgware rd.
- Sis was coming for a visit in Nov, mom and dad decided to come along, so now abit stress booking hotels and restaurants, will be depressed when they all leave
- Help out with a conference at Bouremouth, with the Conservative party, had the 'privelage' of taking of THe Mr. Cameron and his whole entourage.
- going on training next week can't wait to get pissed with all the graduates
Sorry for the rather crappy update, will try to do a proper one later.
YAY!!!
Dec 20 till 30th!
- might be going to hskp as assistance exec hskper (it will be a 9-5, occational weekends) really hope they pick me, i had enough of guest these days.
I.
don't know what the point in that title is for but neh >> I've been sick today and on the verge of tears._.; I don't know why.
I talked to Misha earlier on MSN for the first time since I added her and yeah, it was fun I guess.
I haven't been quite in my head, Dad woke me up early because he brought breakfast home, and then I went back to bed.
I didn't go with my parents to Grandma's.
I called Dad a few minutes ago on my cell and they were at her house so I guess she was out of the hospital.
I need to clean my room up but I don't feel up to it.
I don't know why, I'm just drained of energy and want to cry constantly and for somereason I don't know why.
neh.
I don't know what happened to my happiness, I woke up feeling down and miserable and infact it's worse.
I'm losing enjoyment out of things I love to do and thats never a good sign.
But oh well.
I don't even feel like doing anything right now and I'm having force myself to update this journal.
The conversation was funny, I mentioned that if the word got out about our plans we'd have to escape the earth to avoid the police, HOLY/HOLD, the military and etc and yeah XD J.C. suggested she could try and make a ship but then I suggested we could sneak into NASA and steal a rocket.
Cassy agreed.
it was hilarious.
But not something to be taken literally, we're just insane girls.
Yep and thats basically it.
I'm chatting with someone on Gaia, they seem to have a lot in common with me n.n it's fun.
neh.
I need something better to do, I'm just loafing around on Gaia like I always do.
Cassy said she'll be back Sunday night.
I can live with that, I wish I had something to do though._.; I feel lonely.
I probably won't take a shower until my parents get back.
Yep.
I dunno what else to say though except it's shocking that I'm updating early.
AGAIN.
Other than that I also got a extension from my affiliate to get the fanlisiting I adopted up since the server move and etc. Meh, I miss Cassy.
T_T eheh.
Though I was allowed to stay up until 1 AM last night.
But heh, thats basically it.
Theres nothing left to say so this is the end of my journal entry.
Well short one anyway.
This is my update for today and I am off.
It's yet another white man insensitivity subject that even has socialists and revolutionaries saying 'hey, hold on a second!'.
It's the veils.
Yes, the veils that many Muslim women around the world traditionally wear.
I'm not going to get into the wrongs and rights, just to give a bit of perspective.
Listen.
I see the words veil and headscarf being used by white Europeans in many contradictory contexts.
Let's clarify.
Hijab is a headscarf that covers the hair and usually wraps around the neck.
The veil is often interpreted as being the ninja outfit, where womens heads are completely covered so as to see only the eyes, or in some cases nothing at all.
Taleban style if you will.
This is called the nikab.
For clarification the difference should be noted.
Hijab in Islam actually means modesty or privacy.
And it is believed that women should practice modesty both for themselves but to keep the gazing eyes of man down.
The khimar is the actual headscarf.
The veil that covers the entire face is called the nikab.
Islam requires women to be modest, henceforth many of them wear the hijab, or headscarf.
The nikab, or taliban style cover, is not an Islamic practice.
A Fatwa, or Islamic legal pronouncement makes it clear that women are not obliged to wear nikab - but rather this is a cultural issue within more conservative or radical interpretations of Islam (just like the west has some Christian right wackies).
It most certainly raised even more anti-Muslim sentiment but also more anti-French sentiment even amongst it own non-Christian communities.
Whether the French will ever admit it or not, they have a serious racism problem - and its aimed mainly at Muslims and Africans.
The Germans have passed similar laws, much to the dismay of its large Turkish-Muslim population.
The Brits, famous for their true melting pot status amongst the Europeans, have began treading in this murky water.
Jack Straw is calling for a ban of veils, or nikabs, in the UK.
Not the ban on hijabs.
The well integrated, but edgy Muslim community is not so happy about this.
And I'm afraid it could get ugly.
But if the UK Muslims are listening to Mr. Livingstone, he's on to something.
He clearly stated that he feels the veils should go -- but that it should be over a period of time and from within the Muslim community.
It shouldn't, he added, be decided by a group of old white male politicians.
Not to mention that many Muslim women scholars are saying women should thank Jack Straw for this.
I'm by no means an expert on veils.
What i do know is that there are many, many woman who absolutely voluntarily and willingly cover themselves with a headscarf for religious purposes.
Most of the European peasantry covered themselves with a headscarf just a hundred years ago and can still be found in Christian villages throughout eastern and southern europe.
It is also true that many Muslim cultures in the world 'oblige' their women to wear the veil.
So the voluntary and involuntary.
France says no head scarves, no nothing -- look like a sexy french school girl with your belly button hanging out.
The Brits haven't ventured that far, they accept the head scarf, but oppose the ninja turtle look.
Turkey has a similar issue.
In its bid to become a secular society -- and to integrate into the unwelcoming arms of the European Union, it has forbidden even the nikab and in some places even the hijab in public schools and universities.
Sarajevo now has a large female Turkish population coming to study here so they can wear what they wish.
It is Europe's largest 'indigenous' Muslim population, all of whom are white Europeans and embrace European principles.
Bosnian Islam is very secular, and indeed seen by most European leaders as a model example of the type of Islam they want being taught in their increasing number of mosques and madressa's within the EU.
The question of hijab and nikabs hasn't come up yet here in Bosnia.
The hijab is accepted and tolerated, as are the nikab wearers (which is an extremely small percentage of Muslim women).
The progressive west is certainly faltering when it comes to questions of its growing Muslim populations and addressing the cultural and religious difference between east and west.
The Muslims too have yet to seriously address the fears and concerns of 'indigenous' white westerners - who have opened their doors from some of the worlds worst economically and socially oppressed societies.
This door has to swing both ways.
The west must do more to grasp the concepts of Islam - and understand the vast cultural differences even with the large and diverse Muslim community, which covers three continents.
Muslims too need to understand the fears and concerns of secular westerners who now have to deal with strict Islamic rules within their own communities.
If western women can run around half naked, can eastern women completely cover themselves?
Is there really a difference?
There is no black and white my friends.
We all need to take the veils off.
and look at each other eye to eye.
Brother to brother, face to face, let's unite the human race.
I'm EXTREMELY sad to say that it looks as though The Skyline Obscura will be on an indefinate hiatus as of this past Thursday.
Essentially, Christian is toggling with what direction, musically, he wants to pursue (whether that be skyline or not), whereas in light of the confustion, I (Mike) have decided to leave the project.
It was not on any bad terms, and to be honest, I don't know if there still is a Skyline to speak of, but as those of you who know US know that I'm pretty focused and content with where I am heading, and I've definately got my own timetable in which I plan to do it.
With that, some of the new songs that never were will be posted shortly for those of you who want to hear it.
Sorry for the letdown, and I can't speak for everyone else, but I'd rather have this happen now than later.
Feel free to contact any of us individually about this if you feel so compelled as nobody's really going to be monitoring this site any more.
(our individual pages are under the "members" section).
Thanks for the support!
You'll all receive notices of any Skyline updates and/or updates of new projects involving anyone from TSO (past or pseudo-present).
Take care of each other.
Well, my MIL arrived yesterday.
The one bad thing is that she got news this morning that her 21 y/o kitty, Aunt Becky, passed away last night.
She knew the kitty was not doing well (she hasn't been for a while now, but kept rallying), so it wasn't a shock at all, but still sad.
She had been looking at having to have her PTS before she leaves for Africa, but I guess Aunt Becky had other ideas.
I think Aunt Becky was waiting for my MIL to leave yesterday for her trip here.
Aunt Becky was sent over the bridge in a traditional Anishinaabe (Ojibwe/Chippewa) ceremony.
Aagii, my MIL's neighbor, is of the Bear Clan and is very traditional in her ways.
She wrapped Aunt Becky in ceremonial cloth with 4 different herbs and buried her down by the creek that runs behind their homes in Topanga Canyon.
My SIL and niece came over yesterday afternoon to collect our great-nephew, Brandon.
Daddybear refused to let them take the baby!
He wanted B to stay at least for today so that he had a day off to play with him.
Brandon's dad, Michael, is improving.
They still are not sure what is going on with the transplanted kidney as it appears to be "peeling like an onion", but his potassium and sugar and such are leveling out and he is feeling better.
Hey, how has everyone been lately?
It's been a while.
and there has been so much going on.
and it's been just a big jumble of AWOIWEJFPWKSFWEIONMQMEM!
Do you know the feeling?
So last week was the Thanksgiving long weekend and it was sooo sweeeet.
My sister came back from university and it was (surprisingly) nice to spend time with her again!!
lol just kidding.
Especially people.
Anyways, on Monday I got to see some of my favourite people and that was really fun as well :) Go Augustine Inc.!
And I believe that God gave me this amazing opportunity for a specific reason and there's no way I'm turning it down.
Please just pray for me and the trip and the other people who are going (I'm not sure who yet so I shall keep it on the DL.
lol).
Anyway, this past week has been one of the busiest ones yet for me, and maybe for you too.
I just feel like we're all getting caught in the whirlpool of life (hehe what a funny term) and I just wanted to urge you guys to not forget about checking up on each other.
Sometimes, all we need is that little encouragement or motivation to get us going again.
like the energizer bunny!!!
:D lol wow.
Besides from that random addition by my kooky self I hope you know what I'm trying to get at, because I know for me, that's how it is. I need you guys to help me through!
Okay that's about it for now.
First of all, I would like to say that I am proud of myself.
What I completed in one day today, was not possible to me last week.
Today, I can say I actually taught for all three of my periods.
I walked into my first period only to find a sub.
I decided then and there that I would take advantage of the situation and teach the class.
I asked the sub if he did not mind my taking over, and of course he complied.
I figured I knew the material more than he did, and more importantly I knew the students and how the class should run.
So the bell rang, the sub introduced himself and I took over.
I had them write in their journals for a few minutes, then proceeded to facilitate the day's assignments.
I allowed them 10-15 minutes to finish up the work from yesterday before we began a new piece of literature.
After they turned that in, I introduced "Poor Richard's Almanac," which we read as a class.
This was a very short reading so I gave the class an assignment to go along with the reading.
They had the remainder of the class to complete the assignment while I went around to monitor their work and answer questions.
The period ran smoothly under my direction most suprisingly to me. I actually liked being thrown into the situation without having prior knowledge.
On the other hand, I did know that today I was to teach a full period lesson to my freshmen for periods 3 &amp; 6.
For today's lesson I taught them how to determine the mood in a piece of literature based on the definition, an example, and a story out of their literature books.
I began my lesson by explaining what the term "mood" meant.
I explained to them that the "mood" of the story could be determined based on the word choice used by the author.
To give them a better understanding of how "mood" works, I presented them with a paragraph that I wrote on the overhead.
I had them follow along as I read out loud.
After I was done reading my paragraph, I had the students tell me what was the mood I had created.
Almost everyone participated, and for every type of mood they came up with, I had them point out places in the paragraph that helped them to determine the mood.
That was a segway into today's story.
Today we read, "The Talk" by Gary Soto.
I gave a brief background on the author and the story before we began.
I read the first paragraph, then I drew names out of my little tin container to complete the reading.
After certain spots, I would have them go over plot summary just to make sure they were following along.
At the end of the story, I had them do the same thing they did with my paragraph to determine the mood.
After a discussion, I asked them to take out a piece of paper.
I had them answer a question along the lines of, "how would the mood of the story have been different if Soto wrote this as a child?"
They answered on their papers, then shared out as a class.
This completed my very first lesson for periods 3 &amp; 6.
Wow, I hardly ever have plans.
I went to the OVAC volleyball tournament this morning, and was gone almost all day, and I'm going skating with one of my friends tonight.
Got to go out for breakfast with the team, even though I'm not a member.
I'm the libero tracker.
The libero is a defensive specialist and I have to keep track of who she goes in and out for.
And the parents' club decided to pay for our breakfasts, so I got a free buffet!
I tried to pay her back, but she wouldn't let me. So I got a free spiffin' sweet green tie-dyed OVAC shirt, too.
Today rocks!
I was gonna call my best friend and see if she wanted to go, but she wasn't there.
I thought she was going shopping today.
She's not a skating-type person, though.
We always try to get her to come, but it doesn't work.
We'll just have to drag her down to the rink one of these days, lol!
I love skating.
I always fall on my ass every five minutes, though.
x.x I need to invest in a pair of blades.
I outgrew my skates, and I don't like renting.
Plus, I've heard blades are easier than four-wheels and I can use all the help I can get.
o___x
Stephenie Meyer.
What can I say?
She's amazing.
Like, most definetely on my top favorite authors list.
This list is very short.
In fact, there's only about three authors whose books I will buy, no matter the storyline.
Meyer, JK Rowling, and Meg Cabot.
And yes, I read hundreds, thousands of books from other people.
But these female writes.
I'm a writer.
I love making up stories, retelling stories, and writing down everything.
the thing is.  my work isn't spectacular.
I know that.
I'm enough of a grown-up to say it.
And after reading Stephenie's story about how real her characters are.
how they can "take over" her outlines.
mine pretty much are bland.
The story leads me, not the people who grace the page.
And Stephenie says that we should know our characters.
What they like to eat, what music they like, etc. And I don't!!
Sigh.
Well, I know that a lot of my LJ friends are writers, too.
I can tell.
hm.
Well, any advice on writing would be appreciated.
You know you're from Massachusetts when.
When ordering a tonic, you mean a Coke.
not quinine water.
You actually enjoy driving around rotaries.
You know how to pronounce the names of towns like Worcester, Billerica, Haverhill, Barre and Cotuit.
You have driven to New Hampshire on a Sunday in order to get beer.
You know that there are two Bulger brothers, and that they're both crooks.
You know what they sell at a packie.
You know at least one bar where you can get something to drink after last call.
You can actually find your way around Boston.
Evacuation Day is a recognized holiday.
You know at least one guy named Sean, Pat, Whitey, Red, Bud or Seamus.
You think the rest of the country owes you for Thanksgiving and Independence Day.
You have never been to Cheers.
You have gone to at least one party at UMass.
The curse of the Bambino is taught in public schools.
You own a "Yankees Suck" shirt or hat.
You think Doug Flutie is the greatest athlete ever.
You remember exactly where you were when the ball rolled through Buckner's legs.
You pray for the Red Sox to win the World Series not this season, but in your lifetime.
You know how to make a frappe.
You know that "Big Dig" is also a kind of ice cream you can get at Brigham's.
You actually know how to merge from 6 lanes of traffic down to one.
You never go to "Cape Cod", you go "down the Cape".
You went to Old Sturbridge Village, Plymouth Plantation, or both, on field trip in grammar school.
You're aware that there is a town, somewhere in Massachusetts, named Brimfield where they have the biggest outdoor antique market in the world.
You can drive to the mountains and the ocean all in one day.
You know that the Mass Pike is some sort of strange weather dividing line.
You know that P-Town isn't the name of a new rap group.
You do not recognize the letter "R" as a part of the English language.
You see people like Steven Tyler (Aerosmith), Dicky Barret (The Mighty, Mighty Bosstones), and Evan Dando (The Lemonheads) in the local supermarket and it doesn't phase you.
You've slammed on your brakes to deter a tailgater Know at least three Tony's, one Vinnie and a Frankie Paranoia sets in if you can't see a Dunkin Donuts, ATM or CVS within eyeshot at all times.
You keep an ice scraper and can of de-icer on the floor of your car.
year round You still try to order curly fries from Burger King You order iced coffee in January You know what candlepin bowling is You drive 45 minutes to New Hampshire to save $5 in sales tax You've pulled out of a side street and used your car to block oncoming traffic so you can make a left.
You've bragged about the money you've saved at The Christmas Tree Shop You know what a "regular" coffee is. You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from Massachusetts.
So, ok, this happened like week before last, but I thought it was funny enough to mention today.
So Brandon and I were chilling out one night at home, after being out all night, and we decided to step out on the patio for a quick smoke.
Well, the new dog; Louis, went running out onto the patio and barking up a storm, as I stuck my head out, there sat this stupid young dude trying to break into my neighbor's (across the street) car.
So I called the cops and followed him till he went into the dark, then I left it to the cops.
911 operator asked "Is it a white guy or a latin guy".
so I gave her the real description; a young black male with short dreads and dark clothes and shoes.
One cop came, he talked to me for two seconds and then drove down the street a second.
This time, unfortunately, he'd broken INTO the car already and was fishing things out.
I pick up my phone ON THE BALCONY and call the cops wihle I'm walking behind this joker.
The cops come outta nowhere this time.
They sent SIX cop cars, two in each.
So 12 cops to investigate ONE car break in.
They all fly off in EVERY direction to find this kid (of course, except the direction I said he went).
So basically I've met three new neighbors and we have like a community watch going on now.
The cops spend more time driving down my road then they probably should.
But now I feel much happier and safer, and the neighbors all love me.  Did I mention it was after 2am every time the break-in occurred?
They still love me, even though I woke them up at the butt-crack of dawn.
It's a beautiful thing.
=o)  Although I feel like I've been on a really bad episode of 'Law &amp; Order' now.
There are moments in our lives when we find ourselves at a crossroad.
Afraid, confused, without a road map.
The choices we make in these moments can define the rest of our days.
Of course, when faced with the unknown many of us would turn around and run back.
But once in a while, people push on.
Into something better.
Something just beyond the pain of going on alone and just beyond the bravery and courage it takes to let someone in, or let them fade away.
Or to give someone a second chance.
And it's only when you're tested that you discover who you can be.
My worst fears have been personified.
I have no details.
No dates.
No times.
No nothing.
I only know that it could be anytime within the next 60 days.
I don't even know for sure that it will happen, but with the way things have been going, I expect it to happen.
There's nothing else I can say or do to change the situation.
Hey guys!
Woot I finally got an ipod with video (30g)!
Its kinda bad because I was feeling really sad/unhappy the day I baught it.
But I've been wanting it for like a year now, just never had the money, and never wanted to charge it.
but oh I was a bad girl and put it on my best buy card.
=P
I got a black one, and oooh its so sexy!
I got a leather case for it, but need to get some clear protective sheets for it too.
Maybe a full case too, because the lil black pocket thing it came with is a little too snug, I have to force the lil bitch into it all the time.
^_^;
HEY.
If you don't know what to get me for Christmas, get me some socks!!
~Apple ipod socks
As for my diet.
I lost 3 pounds this week.
Eh.
its not that much but hey its something!
^_^
the season is changing.
we had our first snowfall just the other day, the trees have gone to sleep and finally the walnuts have stopped falling on my garage roof and scaring me when i take my still lame dog out to take a shit before bed.
again.
a lot of things have happened to me in the past six months, since the beginning of summer.
three very dear friends of mine have lost very important people in their lives, and i have had to be the strong one they can lean on.
though i do not mind this one tiny bit it has been odd for me.  i'm rarely the strong one.
i am usually the one reduced to laying on the big green couch in the fetal position eating leftover pizza and crying about nothing and everything all at once.
something, it seems, i am getting more and more used to.
turns out it has just made me question pretty much everything that i thought i knew.
didn't see that one coming.
now, i have no idea what i believe and what i want to do and how i want to spend the rest of my life.
well, maybe i do.
but that scares me even more.
and well, i got married.
talk about a life change.
we've been together since my sophomore year of college and had lived together for over a year (in sin, mind you) but i wasn't prepared for the change that would take place in our relationship.
i love him dearly and will forever, but i definately was not ready for that.
i find myself again, stuck in a place where i have to rediscover myself all over again.
in  a word, lost.
i feel lost.
very disconnected to everyone and everything, not sure where to go from here.
maybe i do.
but i don't want to admit that yet.
though i think i have.
so stay tuned.
changes to come.
another two words for you: John Hughes.
perhaps too much so for 5:15 on a saturday afternoon, but hey, what can you do.
gotta milk those quarter-life crises for all they're worth.
don't get another one for 25 more years.
i must go now.
have a great idea for a new scarf.
want to get it done in time for the next snowfall.
Have you ever made a decision and then later found out the consequences to that decision?
Well, I seem to have done that.
I didn't mean to hurt this person at all.
I was just scared.
I mean.
I'm scared of my future.
I look ahead and I want to see me being a successful missionary/psychologist, married, with kids, and a great life.
However, it seems the decisions I have been making are hindering that.
I look around me and you know what I see?
Un-happy people.
People everday get divorces, commit adultery and I don't want that.
I don't want to get hurt.
*sighs*  I have a bad habit of hurting people before they can hurt me.  Like if I think that someone could and might hurt me then I hurt them first.
I just can't help it.
Then I think if I commit myself to this person only, what if I'm missing out on someone else?
What if this isn't the right person for me and I'm making a huge mistake?
But then I also think what if they are the right person?
Why is everything so confusing to me?   I'm trying to hear God right now, but maybe I'm not really listening.
Some people say, "Katrina, do this," others say, "Katrina, do that."
What do I say?
I DON'T KNOW!!!!!!!!!!
I guess i"m just gonna have to be patient.
I'll wait for God to show me what He wants me to do.
So, keep praying for me that I'll be strong.
I just have these moments when I start trying to do things without God and that never works.
Anywayz, I'll ask God for His opinion.
I'll post back when I get it.
Welp today has been a long tiring day lol.
I have been up most the night because the baby wouldn't go to sleep for nothing.
We lay him on our chest and he zonks out pretty fast and now hes so used to it he won't sleep in his crib or basinet so we have to find a way for him to sleep in the crib.
Doctor says not to let them sleep on there belly for a while and thats the only way he sleeps good!
lol.
I need a nap though I will tell you that lol.
He's sleeping now but everytime I lay down and think I will get atleast a couple hours of sleep hes right back up!
lol.
He sleeps most of the day and then never sleeps at night.
Oh well I know its something that comes along with having a baby lol.
I will be glad when my mom gets here so we can go to wal-mart and then I can come back home and take a little nap.
Anyways,tomorrow I guess my grandpa wants us to come over there so his brother than is in town to visit and everyone can see the baby.
I am not to thrilled about going over there.
lol,and so we figgured we would just go to Six Flags.
We could go out and I could watch him drink but he got a ticket and they have to mail his license to him and he has no ID yet!
HAHA!
thats what you get for rubbing it in my face that your 21 and im not!)
LOL.
Our one year wedding anniversary, we had Landon this month,David's birthday today,other family members birthdays that are this month,halloween and tons of other stuff lol.
I still need to do laundry later and I need to do the dishes and then maybe just maybe I will get to lay down for a bit before he wakes upEhh prolly not lol Oh and for everyone that wants to see the baby if there is not a nice day coming up you may have to come to my house because its to cold for us to be taking him out in this weather,I don't need a sick baby along with my hundred other problems lol,that or you can come visit when we are over at my grandpas,other than that your s.o.l on seeing my lil stud muffin lol.
Almost sounds like an EMO song title.
Maybe it is, I dunno.
All I know is that I have no time to do anything anymore.
I am once again becoming an OT whore, which was originally to buy myself a new gun (Springfiled XD40 3" Subcompact).
But, with pay days in Oct. being where they are, and bills due on the dates they're due, that idea is totally shot for now.
The OT whoring now is to make enough to pay bills on time, not to buy new and fun things.
At least the price of gas is going down, $1.99 per gallon across the street now.
I'm also working at the YMCA every Monday in October, which helps, but makes me tired as all get out.
The job is still just that.
Nothing big to report, except that every time I volunteer to do a full 8 hours of OT after my normal shift, I find myself going home 2-4 hours into it due to them over-hiring and not realizing it.
I have a new pic of Melissa and I, which I will post shortly.
We need a new pic.
We just celebrated 3 great months on the 8th, and last night we carved pumpkins (she brought me a pumpkin, it was pretty sweet).
Bagpiping got moved to one of our "together" nights, so that puts a small damper on the time we see each other for every week.
Oh well, at least we can make it work without lots of time.
I joined a gun club the other night.
It's kinda far from where I am, but it is worth it.
Membership is only $50/year and a $50 initiation fee.
The shooting is unlimited for the most part between 8a and 10p.
This is good for the odd hour shooter like me. Also, there is a 25 yd outdoor range, which accepts a variety of loads (shotgun, magnum, etc).
The indoor range has 8 lanes, but is only 15 yards long.
The best part is, I shoot pretty well there, and the lighting is really good.
If anyone is interested, it's the Phillipsburg Pistol Club, and can be found on the web (just google it's name).
I'm gonna hit the work out now.
I'll write more later.
Reawaken is taking allot of my time this week inspite of my heavy harvest schedule on the farm!
We are starting to get some interesting inquiries.
I made contact with various Pentagon types who deal specifically with the USO and stand down concerts on a variety of military installations in California.
Also since I belong to a variety of social organizations it was easy to make concert contacts through them.
Who knows where we will be playing in 2007.
I have my eyes on a few locations like Kwajalein RMI and Soto Cano-Honduras; with friends in low places we'll probably get those gigs.
In the mean time we have a huge private party in April booked and the Mateel Arts and Music Festival for June as well.
The list of folks who want a copy of the CD-First Light is being built up one name at a time.
Anyone who wants one I will send one.
I may just have the band members do a strip for old ladies at the senior clubs if we have open dates unfilled!
Ha!
Wouldn't that be a gig!?
In the mean time I am going after every venue available.
Leaving for Irvine on the 18th for Maiden.
See you mates up front of Arrys monitor!
I'm at Penn State for the weekend.
But I love it.
I was cleaning up Kristen Ward's apartment when a beer spilled all over my socks and pants and I don't even care.
Like thousands of people poured into the street last night for excitement.
Lots of people had sex.
Lots of people used drugs and drank beer.
Tonight is the Michigan vs. PSU game.
Tonight is also the drag show which I shall be attending faithfully.
Maybe I'll put on some MAC.
Wow.
I'm reading this back to myself and I'm totally yawning.
Last night I had a long discussion at 4:30am about xanax addiction and molestation.
Let's face it.
I don't drink anymore.
Hard alcohol would surely have put me in the ER.
And this hair.
Lex Squared told me that she could "do something" with my hair.
That's a polite way of saying.
your hair looks like shit Mary.
I'm staying with Kristen Ward.
She has 4 boys staying her who attend West Point.
Hi.
They're cute.
So I toned down the performance and slept until right now.
Everyone is gone and I just cleaned up, so now I'm going to loosen up my buttons, take a long hot shower, put on my clothing and my adorable pea coat, and make my way downtown.
Disaster.
I almost died.
And I still rule this town, I'm just a little more mature, a little more with it.
Look at me!  I'm like Ellen on straight television.
I'm a maneater!
Oh and Ps.!
I met this 'straight' boy at the gay bar last night.
Totally mine.
I feel like I should be writting right now.
The other week I was at Roxy with Robbie and company and the crack house came up.
I suppose there was the time that Dread, named not for the feeling one gets when thinking about the smell which followed him, but rather for his haircut, came by while my mother was there and pulled bacon out of his pocket, and then his other pocket, and then from under his shirt, then from his pants.
"How much you give me for this Bacon?"
I don't know, I'm not feeling it.
nevermind, I've got an Arabic test I could be studying for.
Anybody remember any good crackhouse stories they heard?
ones worth retelling?
Within a week I bid on and won about 14 cookie jars.
They are just so cute I can't resist them although I think I am under control now.
At least I haven't bought any in about four days.
I still have six that have not arrived yet.
The lady at the post office is starting to laugh at me.  Where am I going to put them all?
Oh well, I will find space or have Tim build me some shelves.
I have only had one bad experience on Ebay so far.
One cookie jar was not packed well.
It was called "Ugly Old Hen".
It was broken.
I emailed the seller and told him about it and he was very arrogant and rude.
HE KNEW EVERYTHING THERE WAS TO KNOW ABOUT PACKING, he said.
Well, needless to say his packing job was far below any I have seen so far.
To make a long story short, he told me I must have wanted this ugly old hen to match my personality.
I told him he was a f----ing a--hole and gave him a negative rating.
He in turn gave me a negative rating.
Man.  I just can't seem to keep out of trouble.
It really was his fault though.
And because I am such a perfectionist the negative rating had me bummed for awhile but now I am better.
I even sold a few things on Ebay.
I sold an electric blanket for more than I paid for it.
I see Frankie at the junkyard has several electric blankets.
I can probably pick them up for less than a buck and sell them for lots lots more as long as they work.
Will have to work on that enterprise.
Tim and I have been fishing and camping.
We have been staying pretty close to home but still having a good time.
It has finally cooled down a bit which is a big relief.
There always seems to be much to do around here and we don't seem to get much done.
Or at least I don't.
I love my "nap and story time with BooBoo every afternoon."
That means I recline on the couch with a good book after lunch and BooBoo my cat is always stretched out on my lap.
Tim is working on putting a border fence up in the front of the property.
Then he wants to put in an underground sprinkler system before we plant grass in front.
We also will be planting trees and shrubs in front and some day putting a small deck coming out of the front door.
It just all takes time and money.
We have come a long way in a year though!
Well, must go put dinner in the oven.
Homemade macaroni and cheese.
Today I also made a devils food bundt cake with chocolate chip glaze.
With all this cheese we will probably be constipated tomorrow.
Y'all have a good night!
Oh shit, day by day update.
Mmk.
So, I love 4 day weeks of school, I really do.
Thursday:
I came home and I think I took a nap,
Then later hung out with some loser until like 12.
Friday:
Chels and I cleaned my room, which was much needed.
Then Ashlie and Becky came and picked me up, we stopped at Joey's to see if they had any applications, then went out to the mall so I could turn in some apps, and so Ashlie could buy some underwears.
I came home and got my stuff together to go up to the kid's camp.
First off, it's a hike to get up to this place, and I can't see worth shit in the dark.
We were up there for awhile and Idk why or how, but Ryan pushed me off of this bench and I fell flat on my back scraping my hip up, which hurts ha.
Then they were cutting this damn tree down, and they made me go with then by dragging me over since I didn't want to go, and when I tried to sneak away.
I guess I walked behind Ryan right when he swung this huge ass AXE and he swung it right into my face!
Not only all that, I ended up calling Aubrey, and ending up balling like a baby, because I really do miss her and everything we used to have.
Even after getting off the phone with her, I balled forever.
It was sooo cold out, seeing as I don't have a winter jacket or anything.
Plus, I didn't eat anything at all yesterday, and I ended up getting really sick.
It was real lame.
Ehh Other than that it was a good time.
Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting
Today, Chels made me a sandwhich since she loves me, and I had some soup so I feel better.
I'm going out for a little tonight, and then I'm gonna see if Ash and Beck want to stay.
Then Tomorrow.
It all started a month ago in kickboxing class (at least that part sounds way cool.)
The new instructor is a former marine and showed us these five-pointed-star push-ups.
Yeah, I know, right up there with Custer laughing off a few measly Indians.
Anyway, I get home and notice my knee feels kinda tight.
Okay, no problem, I'll just tone down my workouts until I'm back at 100%.
But after a month, that hasn't really happened.
So I figure I'll just check in with my G.P., get a nice cortisone shot in the knee and I'm good to go.
But my beloved G.P., who usually just prescribes stuff for me over the phone, starts throwing around words like "orthopedic," "surgery," and "x-rays" and I start thinking, "oh shit!"
Of course once he says the magic words ("degenerative arthritis" and "not uncommon AT MY AGE") I do a total brain freeze and hear pretty much nothing afterwards.
So what's a girl to do to cheer herself up?
Shoe shopping, of course!
So I'm old, but I have these really cute Etienne Aigner boots to show for it.
My gene pool used to lie before me like a pretty lake and I rarely gave it much thought.
Well, you know what?
I'm not going to grow old gracefully!
In the last fifteen years,
my life has been somewhat conventional:
job, wife, two kids, house, car.
Seen from a distance, I've been following the script,
the path that society lays down for people like me.
the times I have felt most free, most alive,
the times we have been at our best, have shone brightest,
have been when we have turned the script upside-down;
skipped a line or a page or an act;
swapped parts;
read sections backwards;
cut pages up and rearranged them;
or just set fire to the whole thing and made it up as we've gone along.
This is me, my self-fashioned self.
I will not play the part that others have chosen for me."
This happened again today.
it happens I guess.
Sucks for Levon but he said he wouldn't let me drive with the trailer anyways.
Plus, this means I can get my drivers license in AZ which means it will be good for 65 years!!
I know I can drive that's not my problem I just need to study more for the written.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Jamie!!
I'll try to call but I have work all weekend then monday I'm going to NY.
But I'm free til' Aug. 31st.
Everybody call me. Just letting you all know I suck at at tests.
first: heh heh  heh, so appropriate fer me.
Your Famous Last Words Will Be:
"I dunno, press the button and find out."
second.
i leave for london in NINE DAYS.
couldn't the fucking terrorists decide to get caught, you know, after i landed?
no, of course not.
they had to be stupid terrorists and think in their fundementalist clouded minds that they'd change the world!
or convert everyone to Islam, or just blow you up one by one in a fucking plane, train, or automobile.
let me calculate how long that'll take with current rates of reproduction and the current world population.
never.
so fuck off.
so far, all you've done is to cause international travellers the annoyance of having to hand over their toothpaste and make sure their baby's formula isn't nitroglycerin by drinking some.
you've killed less people in the last six years than we did to ourselves in a week in 1916.
so fuck off.
if you read history instead of fucking dogma all the god damn time you'd realize we're perfectly capable of raining destruction upon ourselves in a very effective manner, thank you very much.
we do it much better anyway.
how about you ignore us, we'll ignore you, you all can go to heaven and we can all be infidels and suffer through our evil.
that's all that matters isn't it?
the state of our souls.
what do you care if all ours are all bad.
more virgins for you.
the quota might drop to 45 or something.
i'm being a little flippant here, but i'm sure you get the point.
maybe i should draw a cartoon.
oh right, i forgot, that's a no go area either.
right now, yer losing.
you may think yer winning, but yer not.
you know why?
because you are ANNOYING US.
which is worse than pissing us off.
because when you piss us off, we have to used measured restraint.
we have to be diplomatic.
when you annoy us long enough NO ONE WILL CARE ABOUT RESTRAINT.
we'll just let our governments do whatever the fuck they want because we want to brush our fucking teeth on a plane after some really bad airplane food.
never underestimate the power of wide spread apathy and annoyance.
now.
i am a rational, intelligent, rather well informed individual.
AND I'M ANNOYED.
because, i know.
in nine days i will spend probably 5-6 hours in aiports, whereas, 10 years ago.
not so much.
why must i show up three hours early for my flight?
its your fault, it really is.  so when i'm standing in line, or waiting around, i'll be thinking of you.
trying to keep my rational and logical mind from straying to bad thoughts about how stupid the human race is and how religion is nothing but trouble.
and try and sympathize with those being racially profiled ahead of me and making for an even longer wait in line.
but basically my mind will stray to one mantra.
fuck off.
The job was frustrating today.
Well, actually, I have to be, BUT.
it's annoying as all get out.
So some guy will call.
he'll be like.
'I'm not recieving the paper.
but I sent in a check 3 weeks ago.
' OK. so.
I look up the address he mumbles to me and see that no payment has come in for 5 months.
What am I supposed to say other than 'we did not recieve your ''supposed'' recent payment.'
Then they throw a little hissy fit for 5 minutes as I repeat myself over and over.
And then they hang up.
And then I get an equally obnoxious call.
Or some woman will call with a question that has nothing to do with circulation.
This happened an unhealthy amount today.
So.
I ask Robbye, knowledge of all things Ann Arbor News.
But really, Ive only had the job a few weeks.
And originally I was supposed to be given some book of all knowledge.
That never happened.
And then the dispatcher was all pissy with me over some redelivery shenanigans I was doing wrong.
So, no cubicle job for life for me.
I saw Phil.
I went to Sheldon's house.
We sat outside on his porch.
Sheldon, Phil, Daniel, and I.
Talking about running into ongoing traffic and killing himself, and doing weed.
Sheldon and I told him to shut up.
He got up and said he doesn't have to take this from us and was especially angry at me. I was a mega bitch to him.
I tried to control myself.
He was so good-looking.
His hair, his eyes, his dimples.
He has a new eye brow piercing.
It suits him.
Words like that made me and Phil stop smiling, look straight at Sheldon, and say "shut up" at the same time.
It's still too soon to make those comments.
Hell, NEVER make them.
But he did.
Because he knew I needed the reaction.
A couple of times Sheldon would say things to him and he would get angry and tell him to shut up.
And really, he kind of did.
haha.
I let him slip.
Phil reluctantly came along.
He didn't want to make eye contact with me, but we made eye contact a lot.
It was brief, and every single time, we would smile.
But I didn't hug him.
And I didn't try to touch him.
I didn't want to make physicaly contact.
The whole way there he was grabbing onto poles and screaming like a banshee and his friend Johnny (who came along) got a swift punch in the nuts from Phil.
I asked Phil, "what the hell are you doing?" and he looked angrily at me. Like I did anything wrong.
Was I wrong to be taken aback by that?!
No.
Then when we were there, I got what I needed, as did they, and I was standing outside with Phil as the other two were still in there.
I started talking to him about why he was so mad, and he said "you called me retarded", and I explained that he was being a prick.
And he said that since he started drugs, he's a prick.
And that it's him now.
I told him that's not true.
He "whatever"ed me. UGH.
I told him he didn't lose me, and he just looked at me and didn't say a word.
I assured him, "you do care.
You just don't show it anymore."
and by then, they guys were out of the store.
Phil walked away quickly.
They followed, but Daniel took two minutes to look back at me. I was angry.
My facial expression was beyond hurt.
"Are you okay?", He asked.
"Yeah, I'm going to go home."
"You're not coming with us?"
"No, I'm going to go."
"Why?"
"Is it really that hard to tell?"
I know I shouldn't have been snotty about it but I thought it was fucking obvious.
I called home to as my mom for a ride but she said she was busy, I WAS NEAR CRYING AND SHE WAS "BUSY"?
I hung up and started walking home.
Like 10 minutes into walking home aaron pulled up to drive me home.
We hung out in his car for the rest of the day talking and laughing.
I never even told him what happened, but he helped, a lot.
ive missed it so.
the trip was fantastic, plimoth was old and there were real live pilgrims everywhere, salem was cute and adorable but very touristy, ithaca was gorgeous and adorable and Joel was there so the whole thing made me very happy and clearly that was the highlight of the trip, niagara was fantastically beautiful but boring once you've seen the falls, buffalo was sketchy but had great wings and now im home, and i think it's the most wonderful place ive ever been and i dont ever want to leave!
well, give me two weeks and i'll be out of here but for now, it's good.
it was wonderful to be away from home but it is indeed wonderful to be back.
i had a lot of time to myself in the car which i used.
i thought a lot about different things and i wrote more than i have in a long, long time.
i felt particularly inspired a few hours after we left ithaca becos i had finally finished stone garden and reading that book always sends me into great fits of creation.
maybe i'll share some day, and maybe i wont.
the only thing im sure of at this moment in time is that life is beautiful and i am just so satisfied and so content.
i've decided, i'll share later.
but for now im going to go experience how fabulous the night sky smells.
good bye :)
Work is going well I suppose, most people are nice and I've been warned of which ones are better to avoid.
My hours are/were gradually going up, after tomorrow I'll have had 23 this week, but next week is only 11, and five days off is a bit much.
They're starting to put me in other parts of the store, which is kind of nifty.
I've been having random fears and doubts lately, but that happens.
I suppose there's been a fair amount of drama, including some with my ex Sadie.
I went to her house a couple days ago and kind of figured we'd easily be back together, but there seem to be a number of things in the way.
Then again, I guess that's how it was last time.
It'll turn out one way or another.
Bah.
As always.
I have work in the morning, then three days off.
Woot.
Yeah.
Oh well.
Later.
Today at work, I was working on a job that was supposed to print as three colors, black, spot red and spot silver, but the background image the client provided was CMYK, with the spot colors built in that color space, including gradations of them.
But I, with my mad Photoshop skills, was able to convert it to the corect color space while faithfully maintaining the appearence and detail of the image, including the gradations.
And I did it in about 10 minutes.
I'm the man!
P.S. If you don't understand exactly what I did (it's a bit technical), just know that it was impressive and I rock.
P.P.S. When I say that you might not understand because it's technical, I'm not trying to brag, it's just kind of specialized (in the same way I don't understand when people talk about car repair or finance).
So it's Friday night and here I am in front of the computer screen.
So I spent the day watching The Real World: Austin, with my little brother.
We decided we'd watch as much episodes as possible and also made a promise none of us would use the computer.
I broke the promise.
But anyway, so we watched tv during the morning and when 4pm came by, we decided to do laundry and play Burnout 3; I beat his ass!
LOL.
Then, my parents came home and I deicided I'd make donoughts.
I guess today was somewhat fun, considering I spent the day with my younger brother.
But other than that, I feel really alone right now because it's Friday and I'm home!
I haven't really been going out much and it just makes me mad since I told myself this summer I'd make the best of it since I'd be going to university in September.
Gosh, in exactly one month school's going to start and boy am I nervous.
these are the words the senior VP of Telecommunications told us on Tuesday.
Do your job and do it well- and it will speak volumes for you.
You are working for America's #1 Best place to work.
Congratulations- and Welcome to Corporate America- where the Vice Presidents and Senior Officers and Managers don't hibernate-- they walk among you.
I love it.
I'm focused.
I have a 99 average in my class.
I'm LOVING the call center.
When your Trainer comes into the room all smiles after lunch and announces that she moved up ONE level- (From ABT Trainer 1 to ABT Trainer 2) and got a $10,000 salary increase.
yeah- I'm not going anywhere.
Think I'll stay at AFLAC.
It makes me sick that my trainer is 24.
That means if I stay on the right path- when I'm 25 I could be an ABT Trainer 2 as well- or the equivalent.
I could be an IT Specialist V in 4 years.
I could be Paul Amos Jr's secretary- if I work hard enough.
The advancement opportunities are just awesome.
The sole stipulation: Do your time first.
Spend 1 year answering calls for the Claims spread- and then be free to go to where-ever your heart desires.
Don't like it?
Just move somewhere else!
Speaking of the famous Amos' -( not the cookie people, ;) - the AFLAC founders)- I passed Dan Amos in the hallway yesterday.
I want that.
I've realized what I want in life.
I want a family.
I've been staying at Mary's house and she keeps telling me I'd be an awesome mommy.
She told me 4 times yesterday.
Yeah- I really would.
I see everyday just how much good that company does.
They raised over $200,000.00 for Cancer Research with a BASEBALL GAME!
(The AFLAC All-American Baseball Classic).
I monitored calls today with Julia.
She never once had a caller that she didn't make laugh- at least once during their call.
That old quote comes back to me- the origin has slipped my mind, but "we are the movers and the shakers and the dreamers of dreams."
I have the world in the palm of my hands.
The corporate world at least.
I'm still working on that family part.
but I've not talked to the most important person in my life- in over a week.
and it's killing me.
I'm starting to fray at the ends- the next step is to break- somethings gotta give and I'm pulling with all my might to keep everything together.
But even superman has his kryptonite.
I don't know what to do.
I'm tired of broken promises- and empty dreams.
Or he would've come through last weekend.
The thread to this relationship is wearing thin- it's on it's last strand- and though he may think it's cool to not do what he says hes going to- it's not cool to me.
The worst part is- I love him.
I love him with every ounce of everything that I am- but try as I might- we just cant' get it together.
It's not over.
We're still together- and we still have the opportunity to make things right - - - but I'm a very patient person- and it's been close to 5 years now- and my patience is wearing thin.
Something has to happen SOON.
I would like to be married before I'm 23.
Yes, we are having a small celebration today.
Wayne just called me!!!!!!!!
I am always so happy after talking to him!
Anyway, he said that since he (and all of the troop) are having to stay 16 months, they are getting to come home for 5 whole days for leave after they are done with their training (and before they go to thier permanent post).
Apparently, it was not Wayne alone who was misled.
The rest of the troop that he was sent with thought they were only going for 12 months.
So they thought they were going for 12 and Wayne thought he was going for 10 and then one day BOOM they are staying for 16.
And every sigle one of them are furious.
Wayne says that the tension is unreal.
So they are getting to come home for a short time after thier training.
Now, they don't know yet when that will be, but I don't care.
I will get that 5 days and then later on he will still get RnR.
That was the first thing that I thought "will that cut down yalls RnR?" and he said no.
It is just something they get to do because they are having to go longer than intended or however they word that!
Alley still hasn't had those pups.
I told her that she better get on the ball and she looked at me and yawned so maybe that was a yes, lol.
I hope that she has them tonight.
If not I may have to get her a shot to induce labor.
It has been 4 days since her milk dropped and they are supposed to have the pups after 5.
We'll see.
That was one of the first things that Wayne wanted to know "hows alley, has she had the pups" I think he loves those dogs as much as me! I'll never forget the first tail that he docked by himself (it was Tuff's tail).
I was so proud.
Keep in mind that we had only just moved in together at that time and he didn't know much about whelping pups!
He had watched me dock two litters but still he did a great job.
Now, he wishes that he was here to help with this litter Image.
But I am still SOOOOO excited that I'll get to see him for 5 days!!!!!!!!
As far as school goes.
I start my very last class Monday.
It is yet another Accounting class so everyone wish me luck!
"I love Poodie's" site is so inspiring.
I feel very uninspiring.
I am going to give it a try and I apologize if it's boring or ugly.
I can't decide if I want to pay the fee to make it a fancy blog.
Argh!
I am currently angry because I want Jarred to take me for DQ Blizzard.
I need it and I want it.
He is laying like a bum on the couch watching CSI:NY.
I didn't even know he watched that.
It's usually Star Trek or Brady Bunch.
Not kidding!
He the Brady Bunch.
I am sure he is going to force Baby Huff to watch it and learn all it's moral lessons from that show vs. meetings.
If I went and got in the car right now.
and chase me out.
OH OH OH  he is yelling at me, "Are you ready to go, already!"
Like it's me holding up the show!
Talk to you later!
Three people have been laid off at the office in the past hour.
When I come back from my Survival course and return to work, I won't have a staff anymore.
At the beginning of August there were 10 of us.
Now the agency is down to 3.
They will be fine eventually but deserve better than one week's notice.
I'll miss them and can't say goodbye properly now.
I will have to plan an agency party/reunion at the end of August.
Lots of shooters.
&gt;sigh&lt;
NOW I'm ready to get away to the rattlesnakes and scorpions.
No one updates anymore
And barely anyone's online.
is this becuase its summer?
WELLLLL
I have little news - just about two weeks left on the job and ihere in p-town so gimme a call before the 25th
I'm excited to move in!
And I'm basically packed becuase I never unpacked anything except clothes really.
so it should be pretty easy.
except I have a butt load of stuff in general!
I'm gonna have my brothers truck and my dad's and my car to take stuff down there.
thats a lot.
I realllllly want a mandolin like right now.
and a guitar
so that i can learn hw to play them becuase i reallllly want to learn cause im a nerd like that.
And also because THE DARKNESS and I have formed a 'band'.
and i emphasize - "band".
called the Silhouettes (i came up with the name.
i know.
pretty scweet.
lol jk)
But I want to go.
soon.
despite the terror.
And thats all, ciao for now!
This week was mucho fun.
Haha he's my bestest buddy in Algebra, he had 'abs of steel today', &amp; just for today.
Inside joke inside joke.
Ew, we had this really crappy sub.
for U.S. history too ! But I love that class [: Walking home is always really fun too.
Jason, Josh, Allan T. &amp; sometimes Jacob.
well for many reason that i`d rather not name online.
She was just a pain in the ASS &amp; yeeah, sucks to be her.
Attention seeker ? Most likely.
Mmk on to the next subject, Thursday &amp; Friday:
Thursday was like, really fun.
It was the School dance &amp; I had to work in one of the door entrance.
I was really tired since it was like.
Dancing, ASB, dancing, ASB back &amp; forth.
I never really noticed it but Natalie, Ryan, Christan &amp; Leslie are fun to be around with.
Hahah.
Friday was even more fun [: I ended my day in the ASB &amp; yeah.
I know im talking about the ASB alot but that`s pretty much whats been happening.
My two fingers that I tie the ballons with were smelled like balloons.
Ew.
Hahah.
Janel, Madilyn, Desiree(sp) &amp; Jasmine [note:they're all seventh graders] first at Janel's house.
I LOVE HER HOUSE.
It was like.
She had all these cool stuff I wanna take, hahah.
After that, we saw Jason, Victor &amp; Josh &amp; I guess they came with us to Veterans &amp; all those places.
We met up with litte Danielle too (: Lolitas &amp; Starbucks as always.
We pretty much waisted are money buying 2 Sparkled Water that we though were naasty.
Saw some Otay people then headed to Veterans park after.
Saw Aldrin &amp; his friends so I guess we hung out ? Jason &amp; them left early.
JK.
We rolled &amp; skateboarded down the grass hill thing.
Hung upside down like monkeys at the monkey bars &amp; acted like little kids at the swing once again.
Fun fun fun.
Sucks I didn't bring my camera but yeeah.
That was my week.
&amp; I think tomorrow a friend`s coming over ? Not sure who, haha kaay bye.
Posted 8/11/2006 at 8:53 PM - email it
I must say this summer has gone by in the blink of an eye.
what seemed like 4 months off, has seemed like it at all.
not that I had 4 months off in the end.
So far I have done zip camping, no trips to the lake.
I have been quite preoccupied though so I can't blame my lack of summer fun on laziness.
I  am getting so tired of this studying for my securities exam.
just once I would love to not have to worry about that sort of thing.
and to have more than 2 weeks of vacation time.
but this is life and we must not forget that like is not a holiday.
I go for my practicum interview next week along with a 2 day orientation at PI.
Should be interesting.
At least that is one issue that has finally gotten rolliing.
I was beginning to worry I'de have to put it off for yet another term.
I haven't really given school much thought as of recent times.
I have been so focused on this course and going to work with my dad, that I really don't know what to think anymore.
I started with one dream, and was working towards it, now I don't see it anymore.
I am curious as to see where this all goes with my dad, and who knows I may just take over his book of business and all that.
hey I'll be a rich individual.
whoot.
I'm really in it just for the money ;).
actually I just want to give the opportunity a chance.
I have nothing to lose.
I still will have my degree to back me up and I true desire to go into law enforcement, but for now I want to do this.
it  gets me out of the job I'm in and will open the doors to other opportunities that aren't available to me now.
Maybe I have become lazy in thought b/c I don't bother with it.
Worry gains you no more minutes to  your life.
rather it steals what precious ones you have left.
and stress.
we have no one to blame but our selves.
society has become just one big stress pool.
Our conversations with family, friends, co-workers etc., all seem to revolve around how crappy are day is, has been, or is going to be, and it seems all like we compete with one another to see who has a crappier one.
where I am going with this I have no clue.
I don't have a plan, I don't know what I want in the long run.
I'm just taking it as it comes.
one day, one week at a time.
I love my family unconditionally, and cherish every moment with them, even my eldest sister, who pushes me over the edge, but I have developed a certain method inwhich to deal with it.
I have to look at life in her perspective, and it would break anyones heart.
To have something inside of you that you cannot control, something foreign that has stolen away your chance of a normal life.
being alienated, being alone.
I can only take so much of her though, for her sake and mine :).
I have a job where I have come to know some amazing people who have such potential, but possibly will never get to put it to any use due to the cirumstances of the choices in life.
but they make my time at work memorable.
one I am not thinking long term.
I have put my life in the hands of god, and left him to it.
I am happy with a casual, not serious, no pressure relationship.
I frankly would be just as happy alone.
maybe more so.
I needed to start over new.
They are better off where they are now.
we are all moving forward on our own path.
hopefully the right one.
Still there is so much more to learn, and my life is but young.
I have a list of things I want to do during my time, and each day I add something new to it.
lol, lets just hope I don't run out of time to complete it.
anyway I heard this while I was in church and it really grabbed my interest.
it says a lot, even if it was written by a comedian.
A few days ago, I ran into this article online: http://msnbc.msn.com/id/14126192/ talking about statistics regarding the number of friends people having being at some sort of new low.
I guess I fit the group the article refers to, in regards to having only 2 or 3 friends that would fall into the "support mechanism" category, if only because of circumstantial or geographical factors being taken into consideration as well.
One of those 3 will be moving this fall, and the others have an awful lot going on in their lives, in addition to being less available than the first by a long shot anyhow.
On a larger scale, this really makes me think about the way that I've cultivated my friendships, and the way I've maintained them as well.
I definitely feel like, moreso than any other time in my life, I'm operating almost at the ground floor in regards to the friendships I have and the way I interact with those friends.
I've burned a lot of bridges and engaged in decisions which have hampered my ability to be trusted as much as I'd like to be by some of my friends, and likewise, there have been things which have altered my ability to fully engage some people as well, be they circumstacial or environmental or whatever.
Suffice to say that there are a fair amount of people out there whom I would count among my friends, but limited few whom I would count as good friends, due to actions both inside and outside of my role in that friendship.
We're getting older, we have a lot more work-related matters and our personal lives can get pretty complicated.
You build friendships as fortifications against getting too old too fast, but sometimes life just catches up with you regardless of your efforts.
On a "big picture" scale, I'd like to believe that I still hold the same value system that I held when I was 18 years old, now a scary half-a-lifetime ago.
All in all, I'm satisfied with the bigger picture and angry as fuck at the smaller details, but that's what keeps you going, isn't it?
If I didn't have the desire to be better than what I currently am, would I have impetus to keep living at all?
I hope not.
As far as "support mechanisms" go, I've seen what they do to people- at their best, they act as a bridge to help people reach things both within and outside themself that they may not have been previously able to reach.
Home may be where you hang your hat, but happiness is sometimes found far from home or in the last place you'd even expect to look for it.
I think sometimes it can be easy to lose track of the idea that happiness and comfort are two completely separate entities and having one does not guarantee or equal having the other (some of the time, at least.
It goes back to that whole journey vs. destination idea, in that some people only mark success by arriving at a goal, while others are capable of enjoying the efforts required to reach that goal as well.
if the goals are similar, which one would you prefer to be?
Now which one are you most of the time?
Friendship works the same way- some people only appreciate friendships which are productive and goal-oriented, whereas there are also friendships that meander along the way, and each moment can be as interesting and rewarding as the ones before and after.
It can be really difficult to appreciate just what a friendship really means to you, especially when it's something you can take for granted fairly easily if you aren't careful.
I know I'm guilty of that all the time.
Often we fail to realize what we've lost until something becomes too distant and difficult to regain.
Old wounds fester into something that can't be healed, neglect becomes forgetfulness which then becomes amnesia, and before long you wonder if it ever happened.
It sucks, and it takes effort to keep a swerving friendship from heading down these sort of paths, but the effort far outweighs the consequences of failing to do so.
So what does this mean to me then?
It means I have some tough choices to make.
I can only change my own mind, so whatever efforts I expend have to be met with some sort of equal efforts or the process goes nowhere and frustrates me the entire way.
Is it worth it, or is it better to just let fate play out its' hand and look for a new deal?
There's usually no way to know until it's too late regardless.
I guess I do what I can to make the most of what I have, if it's not enough then it likely never was, and in that case, at least I know I tried.
If being a friend isn't about trying, then I've been taking the wrong approach all along.
As of late, it seems that everything my parents do, they do it just to annoy me. They're great parents.
I love them.
GOD are they annoying me.
I'm not going to go into specifics here, but it almost always ends up in yelling and tears.
I was thinking about our most recent spat today at dinner and wondering why the hell everything turns out this way.
My only plausible explanation is that I want out.
No matter how much I love them, I want to be independent and living on my own, providing for myself and on the road to success.
Now, I know that I will reach this place soon enough, but damn it feels like it is taking forever.
I know its normal for someone who's in college to be living with their parents, but that doesn't quell the wish to be independent and free.
Frenchie Fucked Off.
Now me and Tyler are running the shop and I don't know if Tyler's even going to stay or not.
Lots of angry costomers with half finished work, a boss who pays for the furniture but has no idea how to run a business.
Oh yeah, and the best part:
My gun, my nozzles, my power supply, my footpedal.
It's been a week and I'm still really pissed off.
I have been TRYING to post for three days, but bloody Spaces was having issues (errors on pages) and I couldn't do it - my Wanker Boss post was due to be posted on Thursday!!
Further to that by the way, I did speak to him about it further when he said "My new food is making me feel really healthy" - yes considering he'd eated two meals of it, and then gone out to dinner, and Friday was going out to lunch with a friend.
He's paying $250 a week to eat food, and then eat again.
But I asked him about WHY he doesn't cook for himself, and he said he just doesn't have enough time.
The look on my face I think said it all.
This is the man who gets into the office at 10:30am, leaves by 3pm, takes 20minutes to get to the office, dry cleans all his clothes, has a cleaner, doesn't have a wife or family to chase after - and he doesn't have time?I explained that I travel 1.5 hours each way, every day to go to work, I go to the gym more than he does, I cook my meals, I have a life, and I have a house to look after.
"I choose to do more important things with my time."
Let me see - golf, sitting on a beach drinking coffee, bitching about money, being a complete elitest snob.
great life choices right there.
no wonder he doesn't have a girlfrend if his definition of more important things than actually looking after yourself like an adult isn't important enough.
Urgh.
I think though, what pisses me most off about the food delivery issue - is that he has chosen the easy "I don't have to do anything" option.
If I could afford the food, I would probably do it myself, but Jenny Craig was expensive enough, and that was $100 a week, not $250, and I didn't have a mortgage then.
But since he has chosen this option, it's just really irritating me, because he has no concept of a weight problem - he just is lazy.
He could EASILY cook his own food - his kitchen probably cost more than half my house.
AARRGGHH!!!
Sorry for the ranting post, but I'm just really annoyed that here I am, struggling with all my internal demons about my weight loss, and someone like this, with no concept of struggle, can just pay someone to lose it for him.
She slams on her brakes, stops her car, right in front of me, in the middle of the street, and gets out.
Then she comes up to me and starts yelling at me.
"YOU LIKE ALMOST HIT ME OMG." she said, tossing her dyed blonde hair like an enraged horse, nostrils flaring.
I said.
I'm not very nice, not when facing death.
"OMFG if there is like damage.
" She threatened.
I must admit, I was kind of fascinated by the way her eyes, rimmed in black eyeliner, managed to stay so wide open like that.
It went on like that for a good minute.
Finally I got fed up.
I tried to bike away- what was she gonna do?
Write down my licensce plate?
THis was when the Princess turned into some sort of psychobitch from hell.
I guess someone forgot her midol.
She grabbed the handlebars of my bike, and tried to push me off.
Now, people are already honking and stuff because her daddy's lexus is blocking the intersection.
We're struggling with my bike.
I got mad.
Now, when one says you, "hit like a girl" take it as a compliment.
I hit that bitch so hard.
hey, she assulted me. in the middle of an intersection.
and I was on a fucking BIKE.
fucking A.
must have been a dye job gone HELLA bad.
And I found out in the most annoying way.
I woke up on Wednesday morning, bright and early (as I do) to go into work/uni.
I walked over to the heater as the first port of call and was very surprised when 'oh!' it wouldn't turn on.
Now I thought at first that maybe it had broken the night before, after I'd gone to bed or something.
But then one of my housemates, who was already up, informed me that no, it was that the electricity wasn't working anywhere in the house.
Trying to turn it back on only got me another automatic trip as lights flashed on for a brief moment, and then suddenly back off.
Grrrr - I then spent the next 10 minutes or so turning everything off in the house, switching the safety switch back on, and then sequentially turning everything back on until the safety was tripped.
We tried everything to make sure it wasn't the plug/circuit itself.
But no, it was the fridge.
We thought for a while about what to do, not really being able to afford either a new fridge OR to fix this one.
At first one of my housemates thought about possibly buying a new fridge for themselves, but that idea was sadly left behind due to monetary issues.
In then end my other housemate's lovely girlfriend (love you heaps babes!)
offered to give us her fridge (woooo!).
So, we've now gone over 48 hours without a fridge (hate to think what half our food is like in there!)
but will joyfully be picking the other one up today.
Wooo!
In other news I have 6 days to go (including today) before I leave!
YAY!
As we wrote in a recent posting, even in a favorable political climate Democratic candidates face a significant challenge in turning out their base voters.
Despite widespread dissatisfaction among Democrats with the Bush administration and overall Republican governance, we detect no real signs so far (at least in Harris County) of a groundswell to actually vote in November.
An oft-repeated notion in recent weeks, however, has been that this year Republicans too will have a difficult time turning out their party faithful on November 7th.
The argument goes that anger nationally over rising gas prices and health care costs, a protracted, expensive war with no conclusion in sight, and a perception among religious conservatives that George W. Bush has failed to deliver on the social issues that motivate them has taken a toll with GOP base voters.
Well, maybe.
As noted in the latest issue of US News &amp; World Report, new polling has Republican insiders feeling pretty darn good about turning out their folks this fall, with confidence that they will vote to return their party's elected officials to power.
The article cites a recent strategic memo to national GOP Party Chair Ken Mehlman from Market Strategies, which highlights polling (granted, six-week old polling) showing the base is in line and ready to hit the polls.
Is this spin or is it true?
Obviously no way to tell at this point, but any Democratic victory strategy that assumes weak Republican turnout as a key to winning is folly.
In other words, the mantra for Democratic candidates this political season: persuade everyone you can, turn out your base, and assume all the other guy's usual folks will vote.
In other words Democrats, work like hell until November 7th.
i feel like i could fly.
with a smile ofcourse.
ive come to realise also how different i am with him.
not different me or anything, different in how i am in OUR relationship, compared to my others.
and im sure he's been doing the same.
and we're both being the best we can for each other, and it shows, and it pays off.
we're friends and lovers and everything inbetween that.
we have come such a far way in such a short time and i look forward to every other moment i will share with him.
i am his all his already, i know this and i hope he does too.
i want to be everything he needs and more.
and ive learned from my past relationship what to do and what not to do and watching what i say and how i say it and.
ALL these things, im more aware of the relationship and it status and im not ,.
i duno, im kinda losing track of wht i want to say here.
i better not, considering the circumstances.
so no i wont have my head too high up my ass about it, but im noot going to sit here and think/dread it everyday either.
i will cherish him ad love him and let him know im there and i care for him everyday that we have together.
somehow.
its completely unlike anything i had with Chris, rerally, but Jamie has a lot of personality like Chris did.
stephen was a little abusive, mainly with words and feelings directed at me / to make me feel bad.
Chris had a problem with words too,and his anger.
he could car eless about anything and everything as long as he got his way everything was alright.
other than that hed get offended or pissed off or ignorant about it.
stupid ass hole!
gudam, why did i waste so much time on his sorry ass?
can someone tell me please?!
oh yeh, i was sub-conciously restraining myself and waiting for Jamie >:)~
Let's try and finish Sunday now for the third time, before it is Sunday again!
After church I went to one of my best friend's house for lunch.
My mother was invited too.
I saw the guy I went to a dance with once back at school there at her house.
Haven't seen him in ages.
It's her brother's best friend.
Goes figure he'd be there.
Hm, was a bit weird.
Anyhow not important though.
We had a good lunch with Gino Genelli ice-cream!
(However you spell the Genelli part) Ah, we talked about Anri's ex and her mom mentioned how Anri was angry with her dad the one time the ex visited, cos her dad kept him busy most of the day.
Oh ya we were talking about Land Rovers!
Anyhow her dad asked her then at the table but why would you be angry with your dad.
"Whahahaha" I nearly cracked myself and don't think I didn't blush.
W0rd!
That was funny.
Everyone at the table was giggeling.
W0rd I am dead tired!
Gonna push through with this!
Then Anri wanted to go the beach, cos she just visited for the weekend and has to go back to where she studies in another suburb like hunderds of km's away from the ocean.
Her niece and Lizelle came along.
We went in my car, cos apparently I have music.
That be the only reason, cos everyone is scared of driving with me.  >.> Don't ask.
:P I drive well now though, yep I do!
We sat on the beach and mostly I felt like sleeping.
but don't think they would let you do that.
NooooOOoo.
I took lots of photo's!
Now that was fun.
Will try and upload them somewhere or do something or I will see!
Okies!
I took photo's of this little girl swimming in the ocean.
The water is freezing cold by the way and it is winter and we sat there dressed warmly!
Somehow Anri got the idea in her head that I had to go test the water so that she can take photo's and like that was not enough I had to throw Baywatch moves.
You know that Baywatch running style from that tv program.
Funny photo's came out there.
I wanted to take photo's of Kiteboarders, but there were none!
Just guys flying their kites.
=/ And some guy on a prepelled engine driven kite thing that was in the air.
o.O Took a photo of him, he was a bit far though.
I would like to just walk around or sit somewhere where lotsa people are and take photo's of them, especially like action photo's!
LOVE IT!
It is like doing my art.
I get lost in it.
I totally zone out.
We went to Anri's house for cake and coffee.
Hmmm.
cake ^.^ ICE-CREAM!
Coffeee and dark chocolate!
Lizelle wanted to go to the movies and I wanted to go to church and Anri I don't know what.
We sat there 'trying to decide' what we are going to do.
We almost sat there for an hour.
Lizelle didn't want to go to church.
That was as clear as daylight.
So we basicly had to wait for Anri to decide.
Hm.
Really sad how we can actually sit and wonder in your one hand is God and the other hand is a movie.
what do you pick.
(Non-Christians, don't worry about this part I am just expressing my thoughts, doesn't mean I don't accept you still as a person, just kinda thinking out loud to people that believe the same as me.) Hmmm.
so we went and it was nice to be there!
:p
They went to the movies afterwards.
Anri promised to come to my house after the movie to keep me awake while I work.
Didn't think she would do it, but hey!
I sat there drawing and uhm the phone rang and it was the police.
Ye.
I am too tired now.
will finish later
I want to pose a serious question to anyone out there that chooses to read this.
If you were given the choice between life and death, which one would you choose?
No, I'm not a stupid chick for those of you that may be wondering.
The choice does seem quite  obvious to me.  But what if you knew you were gonna die, like possibly sooner than later, for whatever reason.
Would you be careful and try to preserve every moment you have left?
I have a friend that is gonna die, probably sooner than later, and I was  angry because some of the choices he has made in the last few years have cut his time down to virtually nothing.
So I tried to step out of myself for a minute and look at things the way he may have been viewing them.
Imagine you are young and healthy.
An athelete.
The whole world and it's endless possibilities are  stretched out before you.
You have wonderful friends that love and cherish you.
You are virtually unstoppable.
All you have to do is decide which opportunity you would like to take advantage of first.
Then things start to take a turn in an unexpected direction.
Think constant arguing,  lies and deception, money mismanagement, and infidelity.
So you decide to join the military.
You figure, 'Hey, I might as well use this opportunity to see the world, make some money, and get an education and a marketable skill.'
The world is still yours for the taking.
So you make an appointment with a recruiter for an interview and physical.
Everything goes well with the interview.
The recruiter tells you that the technology field in which you are interested is growing rapidly and there are all types of jobs available that you can parlay into a lucrative career once you retire from the service.
You leave there with a renewed sense of purpose and vow to take full advantage of this experience.
You go home, wait two weeks, then return to the recruiter's office for the results of your background check and physical.
The recruiter comes in the office with a look of sadness and disappointment.
You think to yourself that maybe you had too many traffic tickets, or maybe there was something small in your past that has presented you from being selected to join the military.
The look on the recruiter's face is unmistakable.
You begin to prepare yourself to hear bad news and immediately go into self preservation mode to plan out your next move.
He begins to speak while you're planning, "I'm sorry to have to tell you this(ok, I can move back home for a while and go back to school and work on my degree.
), but we won't be able to welcome you into the Armed Forces(or I could do some traveling and explore the country.
We have the results from your physical(I know, I'm gonna do some volunteer work with kids in the community.
So what do you do?
This is the story as it was given to me, and when I heard it I was pissed.
First, because I could already piece together the backdrop of the story.
See, I knew he had cheated.
lol).
But he assured me that he had used a condom and that I was the only one that he was having unprotected sex with.
So imagine my surprise  when I was about to engage in activities with him and saw an of color coming from you know where.
She then tells me that she's gonna test me for gonorrhea, but also that she's gonna have to test me for HIV.
I'm like, "For what?"
She tells me that if I was with a person that was infected with gonorrhea, what makes me think that person didn't have anything else?
I couldn't answer her.
Really, what did make me think that?
I would have given this man, who obviously had little regard for me, my life in exchange for his bullshit and lies.
Fortunately, my test results came back negative for both gonorrhea and HIV.
I was of course thankful, but I realized something very important during that time.
I realized that my life belongs to me.  Fuck the bullshit.
The second reason I was pissed was because not only was my friend is dying from this disease and has had it the entire time that we have been friends, but to my knowledge has not taken the appropriate care of himself that a person with HIV should be taking.
He never went to see an infectious disease specialist.
He never took any medications other than a multi-vitamin.
He partied just as hard as I did, drank and smoked just as much weed as me.  So after I learned of his condition, I thought to myself, "Is my friend trying to die?"
When we first became friends he was an athelete, so he was pretty fit for the most part.
I had never known to do much of anything unhealthy and  he was one of those health conscious, work out fanatics.
Maybe he maintained that lifestyle in the beginning because he thought that  he could somehow combat his illness this way.
I wonder what changed his mind about that?
Could it be that he realized that no matter what he did, there was nothing that would get rid of his disease, so he lived and played hard and masked his pain with lots of partying, drugs, and lots of random, annonymous sex?
I've asked him about this, and he has never really given me an answer.
But I think about it alot, and I wonder exactly when did he decide to die?
I wonder how many other people have made the same decision that he made.
I wonder what choices I would have made differently had that nurse from the clinic given me different results.
So what would you do?
Would you choose to live, or would you choose to die?
The question itself is mostly rhetorical, presented to raise awareness and provoke thought moreso than response.
However, if you are so compelled to do so, please leave your thoughts and comments.
All will be greatly appreciated.
my birthday is on monday.
im going to be trashed.
even tho i have work on monday which is my bday cause shop rite sucks my dick.
im usually always so pumped for my bday.
but right now its just reminding me that everyones leaving me.
i seriously dont know what i am going to do at all.
and everyone thats home is so wrapped up with their own stuff ///dudes//women.
it just sucks when everything youve known for years just disappears.
alfkjaslkjfasjflka;sjdf;asjfals;fjlakjsf.
im done talking about it.
i miss myrtle beach.
i cried on the way home from myrtle.
for many reasons.
nothing hereee.
im hearbroken &lt;/3.
myrtle&lt;/3
i just do not want to live at home anymore.
its not bad here at all.
im just annoyed.
but nobody else is for moving out as much as i am.
good b/c i def dont have the money to move out right now.
bad b/c i want to move out mother eff.
all my substitute information is in.
if i can get a job at taylors.
maybe things wont be so bad.
and i can get a new car.
then convince someone to move out with me.
since everyone i wanted to get an apt with is now moving 29857938475 miles away all b/c of a freaking deadline.
fags.
////the way you look at me////
im feeling you
gnite darlins
i have work in the am.
Well, well, well.
Hahaha!
Well, I'm surprised that I actually found it.
Jake's directions to the schools LJ account was wrong.
so I searched for it and finally found it.
You can't trust Jake's directions to his own bathroom in his own dorm room!
Hahaha!
So, drop by and tell me what all of you are up to!
I so missed all the cool people I met at SHS!
I've been thinking a great deal about the importance of ritual.
Not religious ritual (like baptism) or societal ritual (like shaking hands), but personal ritual.
I've been wondering which aspects of a behavior determine whether it's ritual or rut.
And how I can possibly develop more rituals and fewer ruts in my life.
This has all come about because lately, I've been thinking about the Big Picture.
Granted, not the global, world-issues Big Picture, just MY Big Picture.
The same thought keeps coming back to me: I lived my first 40 years largely as a leaf, blowing about in the wind.
Like that bag in American Beauty.
it was not self-determined.
I want the next 40 years to be lived on purpose.
How do I do that?
And how can I start now?
One of my most surprising observations about this whole ritual thing is how much easier it was to establish new rituals when I was on location, as opposed to being at home.
And, the corollary: how easy it is to slip into old habits, once back at home.
[It makes sense that there is concern for addicts or alcoholics who successfully gets straight or sober some place other than where they live.
and then eventually have to return home to old triggers.]
So anyway.
Ritual.
Rut.
That, and they may not be exactly great for you.
I'm not advocating all-structure, all-the-time or anything.
But I do know the perils of a life devoid of ritual.
At least in my experience.
I'd like to say that my rituals are more active and crunchy.
but alas, they aren't (yet).
Here are some rituals I HAVE managed to cultivate:
* Every day when I come home from work, the first thing I do is put on my pajamas.
Maybe that doesn't sound like a ritual.
but when I started thinking about things I do regularly that I enjoy, that's definitely one of them.
* Every other Saturday, Catharine and I get manicures and pedicures.
A time to relax, be pampered, catch up.
and we come away with the cutest toes ever!
* A ritual I absolutely adore is going to the outdoor screenings at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery during the summer.
There are all sorts of mini-rituals that go into this regular event, including the collection of picnic dinner items and the precision methodology by which one gets the perfect spot on the lawn.
* When I'm NOT working, I have been known to take myself to brunch on the weekends: just me and whatever novel I'm currently enjoying.
Maybe after this show ends, I'll be able to start a new garden.
I've just realized in trying to make a list of my rituals, that I really don't have many.
How very telling.
This is not good.
When I imagine the rituals of others, things like a daily, morning run (something hard for me to fathom, I admit), meditation, feeding the ducks on Thursdays, after-dinner strolls with your family, poker night, date night.
and the like are what come to mind.
* I'm happy to taste any new flavor of ice cream (I love to try new flavors!), but when it comes to ordering, it's always Mint Chip.
Always.
and.
* My fear of insomnia keeps me from going to bed when I'm really tired.
Is that a rut.
or just something totally mental that I do?
Anyway, I don't want to sully this post with MY list of rituals and ruts.
How do you think we can instill more meaningful rituals into our lives?
"The image of cartoonist after cartoonist sitting at folding tables selling comic books is truly a pathetic one.
From talking with cartoonists, I get the sense that most of them find it debilitating, too.
It can be ego-crushing when no one comes to buy anything.
- Bart Beaty, whom I had the pleasure of meeting at the show, from his Conversational Eurocomics column on what SPX could learn from some European conventions
I really enjoyed myself at SPX, that delightsome Bethesda megamall of rare and exclusive purchases and the men and women who brought the wares about.
Don't sweat it, that's just my perception: I traveled the hour and a half trip down on Saturday with American Hero Chris Mautner (he attained that storied status by agreeing to drive), arrived a half-hour after the doors opened, stayed until 5:30, then went right back home.
That means I didn't see the Ignatz Awards, didn't partake of any post-show gatherings, and missed a big chunk of panels.
My SPX, in other words, was full of shopping and stalking the aisles.
Commerce!
Show debuts!
I met an awful lot of fine creators, but I hated taking up much of their table time; heaven knows by the afternoon there's a swarm of people waiting to trudge through the byways between tables, and one thousand distractions to attend to.
I'd never been to a comics show in my life, so I'd not known any SPX other than what was presented to me there: a pretty swank hotel, a table to pay at in the hall outside, and big ballroom with everyone selling everything inside, and a bunch of other rooms to have educational and informative events in, though all of those were down the hall, around the bend, and down an escalator.
There were no signs to direct you to the panels or whatnot, though it wasn't hard to find someone to ask direction of.
Still, the separation-by-floor carried a certain symbolism for me when coupled with the atmosphere; upstairs was the carnival of monies and tables, downstairs were the talks and trophies.
Upstairs there were masses of shoppers with bags and backpacks and totes, cookies and candies and muffins on certain tables to attract attention, and even a pair of folks operating hand puppets to entice a stray passerby.
Downstairs there were hushed people crouched before open doors, the portals leading to capacity talks.
All of it in a building off the highway, malls and fences and the whipping metal sea of vehicles all around it.
To say there was no color at all would be misleading, since it was a nice day and there were a number of trees and things, but I did not detect any local pulse at all.
It was a hotel, on a road.
I went out for lunch with Chris and Gina Gagliano of First Second; food became curiously hard to find within hiking distance (in the interests of full disclosure, my mastery of direction also had us walking the wrong way for a good while).
After we passed by a large parking lot promising a furniture blowout sale, as well as a haunted attraction and possibly ponies or something in the back, we decided to turn around and stop at a little diner we'd passed on the way.
But we didn't hang around.
We hurried back from the gray highway to the center of comics and people, followed close behind by haunted ponies who'd just bought cheap Barcaloungers for their ghost stable and were now jonesing for independent comics.
I love walking around for things to buy, and traveling less than two hours to arrive at the comics spread of my dreams won't raise too many personal hackles, let me tell you.
I also made it a point to say hello to everyone there with whom I'd ever communicated on the internet, though I couldn't find anyone matching Johanna Draper Carlson's description and I totally missed Douglas Wolk.
I'm also really glad I had Chris with me, since he knew a lot of faces that I didn't; he made a fine guide, though one of us would occasionally wander away from the other in the vein of the old NES version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, though I'm unsure as to which one of us was Bob Hoskins.
Actually, I think maybe the best thing about SPX is how everyone is kind of pressed together, comics placed near one another seemingly without much concern for subject matter coherency (I heard it was a bit different in prior years, with multiple selling rooms and all); if the creators in attendance and the books on display weren't a comprehensive picture of English-language non-superhero comics, there was at least enough diversity to manage the illusion of comprehensiveness.
A diverse audience too, everything from young to old, from old-school nerds to stylish-looking folk, from aged hippies to teenage Goths.
To look only at this crowd, you'd imagine that there was no question as to the diversity of the comics-reading audience.
I went to two panels, Scott McCloud's and Brian Chippendale's.
There was nowhere to sit in the former, since I got there late, so I sort of drifted in and out of hearing distance.
At one point, McCloud began vigorously drawing a chart to illustrate different types of artists, all the while telling stories of the message board clashes between forces on places like the Comics Journal board.
Someone behind me turned to someone else and whispered "It's just like Civil War."
Afterward (a solid half-hour afterward, I believe), McCloud could be seen out in the hallway, taking questions from anyone who happened to want to talk to him away from the bustle of his table upstairs.
The Chippendale talk was different, a highly entertaining, digression-prone ramble by the artist through his history and procedure, moderated by Dan Nadel and with extra bonus contributions from Brian Ralph, who was seated in the back of the room.
Nobody was particularly brusque at SPX, at least from among the artists, but I found Chippendale to be consistently the most emphatic and friendly creator around.
And I bought a good deal of stuff too.
I tried to follow Tom's rule of not buying anything on my first trip around the room, but that didn't quite hold.
I managed to get through the whole show without finding anything I really wanted sold out, however, and I only had to stand in the Line of Shame at the ATM once.
BOOKS I GOT:
Abraxas and the Earthman by Rick Veitch (debuted at the show, a collection of the Epic Illustrated serial; an additional collection of Veitch's short comics from the same venue is coming soon)
Awakening Comics #1-2 by Steve Peters &amp; friends (I reviewed his The Origin of Sparky a few weeks ago; having walked away from the table, and indeed the entire convention, I suddenly realized that I'd forgotten to actually tell Steve Peters who I was - another triumph of intellect!)
Cinema Sewer #19 edited by Robin Bougie (new issue of the funny, comics-heavy pamphlet-format magazine devoted entirely to the finest in exploitation and pornographic film - a creator's personality-powered publication, and I assure you that Robin Bougie is in real life exactly the way he portrays himself in the mag)
Cold Heat #1-2 (of 12) by Ben Jones &amp; Frank Santoro (#2 debuted at the show; the odd, semi-abstract fantasy/action book that Diamond initially disliked a while back, complaining of its format despite the fact that it's 100% a serialized pamphlet-format comic)
Comics Comics #1-2 edited by Timothy Hodler &amp; Dan Nadel (I mentioned this yesterday, but didn't note that I also got a hard copy of issue #1)
Ed the Happy Clown #2 (of 9) by Chester Brown (the one I was missing - who says you can't score back-issues at these things?!)
Fuzz &amp; Pluck in Splitsville #4 (of 5) by Ted Stearn (surely I can't be the only fan of the mighty Fuzz &amp; Pluck; still, I've never seen this in a store, though Fantagraphics had it at their table)
House of Twelve, at the movies Vol.
2 #1: Heavy Metal by various (from House of Twelve, a free giveaway show debut, parodying the original movie version of the magazine)
New Tales of Old Palomar #1 (of 3) by Gilbert Hernandez (new miniseries of stand-alone tales, presented in the Ignatz format, debuting at a show featuring the Ignatz Awards; I remember when this was first released I heard it was going to be titled simply 'New Palomar' like it was New X-Men)
Ninja by Brian Chippendale (debuted at the show, probably the book of the show, and I've gushed enough already; when I went to Rick Veitch's table, he became momentarily transfixed with the transfixed and murmured "I want to make a book like this!")
Paping #11 by various (older issue of a deluxe anthology by some interesting-looking creators; the real showpiece was issue #14, with its solid wood covers and impressive prints 'n comics mishmash interior, the whole thing bound by red shoelaces; I just didn't have the roughly $30 needed to spend on it by that point in the show, though)
Project: Romantic by various (debuted at the show, the newest in AdHouse's Project series of anthologies, this one strictly devoted to romance comics)
Pulphope.A by Paul Pope (a show exclusive, I think; not the full Pope art book coming soon from AdHouse, but a 200 copy ashcan with some exclusive stuff)
R.
Kelly's "Trapped in the Closet" Starring Batman (Abridged) by K. Thor Jensen (a reenactment of the continuing American epic, with members of the Batman cast playing each role)
So it was a nice trip.
A lot of good things to have, and good hands to shake.
I hope to do it again, and add on a few more convention experience points.
I'm not leveled up yet, no sir.
My Mother Is A Fish
Do you know some tiger sharks sleep?
I think it's in the Gulf of Mexico or the Gulf of California, I can't remember which, but there's so much oxygen in the water they actually sleep.
I don't sleep.
No, it's alright, I've had a lot of time to come to terms with this.
Some of my girlfriends have found it a little strange; I think it's one of the reasons they break up with me in the end, as if they need anymore reasons.
I just lay in the bed next to them while they snore, or they breathe softly, or they dream, or they do whatever it is sleeping people do.
Most of the time, I sit in a chair.
Because I can't just have a bedroom with bookshelves and dressers, or everyone would know something was wrong with me. And there is something wrong with me, but I just can't figure it out.
To try and remedy this, I spend my nights reading.
I just finished a book about the importance of dreams.
How important can they be?
I don't have them and I'm still here.
But it was a good read, and if I did have a dream where I had sex with my mother, well, now I'd know what it means.
Sometimes, I can't reading about this condition, though.
I guess it's hard to read about a condition when you don't know the name of it.
I didn't always have this problem.
When I was a kid I slept.
I think.
Actually, I don't remember much about my childhood.
All this not sleeping has a terrible way of playing with your memory.
I don't only feel like the days stretch on interminably.
They really do when there's no end.
Just me in my room, reading my books and wondering what life would be like if I slept.
Do I go to work again tomorrow morning?
I think I do.
It's Sunday, but tomorrow might be a holiday.
It is, isn't it?
But I think I work on that holiday.
I actually keep one everywhere, one in my car, one in each room of my apartment, one in my cubicle.
How else would I keep all these days straight?
It's not like a sleep in on the weekend.
I can't always read about this condition, or whatever it may be.
I'm beginning to think there may be nothing to it.
I'd tell my doctor, but I don't go to a doctor.
Otherwise, I'm a totally healthy male of my species.
I weigh about 180 lbs, I'm about 5', 10", I don't have anything that seems to be wrong with me. I have these weird scars on my neck.
Something from when I was a kid.
An accident.
And there's the scar on my lip.
I don't know where that came from.
I would say it was from some drunken night of excess, but I've never blacked out either.
I can drink and drink.
Oh, I get drunk, but nothing seems to happen to me where I forget.
I remember every second, every horrific moment leaning over a toilet and puking.
It's unfair that I can remember things like that so well, yet I can't even tell you much about what happened in the rest of my life.
Selective memory, they say.
Most times, I can't even remember what I did five seconds ago.
You'd think that'd be a problem at work, but it's menial stuff.
Doesn't require much of a brain to do it.
I spend most of my time in my cube typing and filing, thinking about what I read the night before, trying to process it, trying to figure out what is/has been happening to me. Last night, I read As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner.
Have you ever read it?
It's kind of confusing.
I kept having to reread passages until I figured out that it's not chronological.
I think he had a point.
But I can't remember it right now.
I'm at work, and I left the book at home.
I'll have to look when I get home.
Unless I returned it to the library.
I walk to work.
When it's nice.
It's a couple miles, but I don't have a lot of people that I have to rush home to see.
Just my books these days.
I really need to get more friends.
My walk takes me by Lake Calhoun.
Most days I look at it as I pass by the fishers, the runners, the dog walkers.
Every so often, I walk around it.
I don't know what it is about the lake.
A shelf of clouds cover the sky, and Calhoun, choppy from the breeze, glitters only slightly.
I itch my neck for some reason it itches.
Soon the lake will be frozen, everyone walking on top of it.
I don't get it.
Just like the fisherman.
Doesn't seem fair, not at all.
I amble around the lake, and the people are slowly thinning out.
I guess it's getting colder, and it's getting to be time for dinner, or far enough after work, or whatever.
I, on the other hand, have nothing to go home to.
I should have brought a book with me. Then I could read at the lake
I suppose the cold should annoy me. But it doesn't. I begin to take off my shoes.
People tell me that the water in the lakes around here isn't that good.
But people swim in this, right?
And there are plenty of fish.
The water can't be that bad.
And it's not that cold yet.
People stare as I dangle my feet into the lake in October.
No one is in the lake, and I think everyone thinks something is wrong with me. Something is wrong me, but I still don't know what.
I control it at first.
A person walks by me and says something, but I don't know what, and I'm singing something, but I can't place to tune.
Something my mother sang to me to put me to sleep.
I think.
I could be wrong.
But where else would I know it from.
I don't listen to music, but I know this song.
Vardaman is right.
I quickly strip.
I just throw my clothes in a pile.
I can see people running at me as I dive into Calhoun.
My neck tingles as I hit the water and I sink, blowing bubbles.
They slowly stop coming out of my mouth, but my neck continues to tingle.
For the first time in my life I feel completely normal.
I read somewhere that fish don't sleep.
Except for some tiger sharks.
You're going to hear that a lot from me in the coming weeks, I think.
What a suck-ass day this turned out to be.
Work was fucked up.
Like Alice in Wonderland on a bad acid trip fucked up.
can I borrow.
Mind you, I've been treated like the asshole of the house for the past couple of weeks, and I didn't even do anything at all to deserve it.
But it's all good when folks need or want something, isn't it?
And then one of them played a song that made me think of my mom, and suddenly, I'm so depressed that all I want to do is go curl up in a ball and die.
And now the MAIN instigator in the house has come home.
December 1st.
Must.keep.eyes.on.prize.
But for now, I go hide.
So.
This last week at school was nuts- it was the first time that I can remember where I was putting in the hours in the lab, really busting my ass- classes are going well and I feel like it all ties in- which I really like.
It's nice kind of being able to put everything together in my head.
I'm sure by now most people heard about the really sad disappearance and murder of Michelle-Gardner Quinn, a UVM student.
It's pretty awful- there's not much else to say about it.
I found out about it on the way to Boston this weekend and I was just shocked.
I transferred from a school in an unsafe part of a city to UVM and found it to be much more laid back and free.
Even just this last week there is a definite change in atmosphere around these parts that is pretty sad.
I really can't imagine what her family and friends are going through right now because it's a really unnecessary situation- she did not have to die and that's probably the saddest part.
Anyways, I'm not sure there's anything else I can add that hasn't been said over and over.
It was so fun seeing everyone from way back- we ran into Eric and went out to see Michele so it was just so fun.
Now I'm just trying to take everything one day at a time.
Work and school are getting a little intense but I've found that I can do it- I just need to stay focused.
My brother turns 16 on Wednesday (how.weird.)
and I am excited about the little booger haha.
Okay, off to clean this room.
Last week was so busy that I just TRASHED it.
It needs a serious pick up and vacuum.
My mom would be so proud of me.
cold, rainy day.
no easy transition into this weather; it felt more like winter than fall up on the trail.
i took Shelby again.
i didn't see her on Wednesday so i was surprised to find her at the shelter this morning.
she was raring to go.
once we got a the top of the trail and started to head down some spastic switch got turned on because she started acting a jumpy, darting all over the place, picking up stones, randomly chewing on tree roots, etc. she probably wanted to play but there's not much room for that on the trail especially on the way down a steep trail.
back at the car, T had Shelby all wrapped up in a towel to warm her.
i was surprised to see her sitting so still; spastic switch must have been turned off.
T started off with Smiley; a 2-3 year-old shepard-pitbull mix.
he was a stray, found wandering Discovery Park.
he has a bad left eye which i don't think he has any vision.
i ran with Smiley this past Wednesday; he was just released (no one came to claim him) and allowed to go for a run.
during the run we were calling him Lance (since he was nameless) because when he was laying on his back in the grass he would kick his legs like he was riding a bike; i wrote this stuff down on his sheet but i guess the officer's didn't like the name.
Finally a picture update!
XD
Justin's Birthday:
This was the cake.
It was fun-filled!
and here is the birthday boy.
He turned 4!
Just as he was about to blow out his cake.
this boy jumped in and blew it!
He cried.
lol [they are cute brothers, no?]
I was scared to see him with a knife.
This smile made me more scared.
XD
He first tore up the toy car.
and I tore up the cake!
:D It was really yummy!
At Work:
This is one of my co-workers grandson.
I think he has a crush on me. XD
On the way home, I picked up my niece, Jenny.
I adore her with all my heart.
&lt;3
Interact Club - A Day In The Park:
I didn't even think about what I was wearing or anything and just left.
XD
Christina's shoe.
This is Phi.
He looked tired~
Meet Mango!
HAR HAR.
This goes to show you have a bigger heart than I, Mango dearest.
We saw this kid when we were just chillaxing.
XDDDD
His dad didn't mind us taking pictures but I think this boy did.
XD Oh well~ He was one coolio child.
Oh yeah!~ Our shadows?
We need new ideas.
Interact Club - AIDS Walk:
This event was sooo fun!
It was like an exciting adventure where we walked 6 miles in the cold!
It was like 8 in the morning and so.
we were freezing to death.
and so we try to warm up!
Alex, you suck.
XD
I don't know.
Anywho, this balloon man was awesome!
I didn't get anything though.
SO, this is where we begin our journey.
Yes, there were a lot of heads.
Thousands and thousands of people attended.
Here we go~!
As we walked.
and walked some more.
and even more!!
Along the way, Christina, Kevan, Eff, and I played the alphabet game like in a gazillion different versions.
Two hours with Kevan, I should get credit for surviving that long with that nerd.
XD
Then we met him.
Eff questions how the belt keeps up his pants.
I question that too.
I want to go here.
because they have a snazzy sign!
This was after we finished a 6 mile walk.
Check out the look on Christina's face.
XD
Anywho, I got really interesting fortunes!
"Someone unexpected from your past with resurface."
[and guess what!
I saw Kathy Vu during the walk!
I haven't seen her in like two years!
Then, another someone unexpected too.]
Mr. Fortune Cookie, you are the bomb-diggity.
As for Eff, he got "You will find the road to happiness by helping others."
Eff likes bunnies.
Afterwards, we went out to eat with other peoples at Pizza My Heart!
It was pretty good.
Check out "little dao's" face.
XD
and then meet "the nox".
Daos, you guys complete me. XDDDDDD
XD
Our first conversation was an argument in English class.
Everyone else calls him Tony.
XD Yes people, he was baring a child, and then someone popped it.
XD
Anywho~ Today was fun.
I am going to do the AIDS walk again next year for fun.
Interact ended up being a whole ton better than I had expected.
That's all for now, I have homework.
I stand barefoot by the ocean's edge, my feet sinking slowly, being sucked beneath the surface of the cool, wet sand.
I am planted there.
Head tilted back.
watching Mother Nature's lightshow, I see
enormous mounds of gray cotton batting clouds, only momentarily visible as they are back-lit by silent, random flashbulbs.
The sand wrapping my feet is now warmer than the air.
I stretch my arms out as far as they will reach just as the first drum rolls of thunder pound my ears.
Slightly swaying with the breeze, I can feel the deep vibration moving through me.  around me.  and away.
Being the tallest object on the beach in a thunderstorm and living to write about it.
Well here we are again at the conclusion of another all too fleeting weekend.
Although my brother likes to point out the fact that every day for me is a weekend.
Regardless of my temporal status as far as my brother is concerned, time still moves ahead at a frighteningly rapid pace.
Speaking of time, this morning amazon dot com and myself transacted some by business.
I ordered the first season of Doctor Who on DVD.
No, not the new first season, the William Hartnell black and white forty years ago suck it I'm the first Doctor first season.
Once I have them all then I think I'll start on Blackadder.
I'm sorry but British television rules.
I spent the majority of the day up in Madison (hi Robby, I would have waved but I'm not sure where your house is).
Their historical society was having a century home tour as a fund raiser and my mother wanted to go.
I assumed that with my niece in New York and my sister working a weekend job to keep her there that it would just be my mother and I; little did I know that she invited my sister-in-law to accompany us.
Spending quality time with my sister-in-law is. different.
On the plus side, the home tour put me in the holiday spirit.
This week I am totally going to start my Christmas shopping.
I used to have it all done by Halloween so maybe I'll return to that tradition.
This coming week I intend to get serious about my real estate venture by establishing a revolving line of credit at the bank.
I am actively seeking foreclosures and other deals, however, if I find one I want to get the financing out of the way to allow me to move quickly.
It's not so much a matter of the early bird getting the worm as it is the procrastinating bird getting splattered by the semi out on I-90.
And on that note, enjoy the remainder of your Sunday.
Well, we're half-way through our trip.
I can't believe it!
It's amazing.
Right now we're on a train traveling from Rome to Florence.
We'll sightsee there and then take another train to Venice in the evening.
We're planning on staying two nights in Venice.
From there it's on to Switzerland and then France.
Wow.
On Friday we saw the Coliseum, the Pantheon, Trevi Fountain, the Spanish Steps, Palatine Hill, Villa Medici, Trinita dei Monti, Piazza del Popolo and much more.
There is a church or ruins everywhere you look.
The Coliseum (or Colosseo) was awesome.
That it is still standing for us to see is.  well, I feel very lucky.
Amazing.
Yesterday (Saturday) was spent at Vatican City.
To enter the Museums it was about a two hour wait.
The lines around the wall was insanely long.
In October the Museums close quite early (1:20pm), so by the time we got in we didn't have a whole lot of time to see things.
I would have loved to see the Library, but we didn't get to it.
Ah well.
There was so much to look at, I just couldn't take it all in.
At all.
After eating a quick meal we walked around the outside of the wall trying to find St. Peter's Basilica.
We walked around pretty much the entire city until we found it.
It was beautiful, and FULL of people and tour buses.
Again, we stood in line to enter the church.
Didn't have to wait too long, though.
Inside was stunning- and FULL of people.
And then we realized- there was Mass going on!
I can't believe they do that!
It's so rude!
Ah well.
Last night we met an Australian couple at our hostel and had a nice chat.
You meet a lot of neat people at hostels.
It's pretty cool.
So anyway, Rome in general was loud, dirty and absolutely chock-full of people and cars and bikes.
There is a pizzeria and gelateria on every corner.
The city really is like a human being, especially in the morning as you watch and hear it begin to awaken.
I've been trying not to think about my life back home, but sometimes it sneaks in, uninvited.
What the hell am I going to do when I get back home?
Should I take the job Jamie offered me? Should I stay in Salem?
These questions completely depress me.
Completely.
so i've discovered a new superpowe (and yes i do have others).
i can dream and earthquake and it'll actually happen!!!
that's not entirely true.
what really happened was that an earthquake started and instead of waking up first i incorporated it into a dream where i was watching a documentary about earthquakes and they were "recounting" some classic earthquake showing how it would pulse stronger and stronger.
keep in mind my bed is lofted about 4.5 ft. high and i was hungover after having slept 4 hours.
i was very attentive, and it didn't seem like she was gonna break, so i just stayed there and eventually it stopped and i passed out again.
then my bro calls.
i'm too lazy to pick it up.
then he calls again and, knowing that's the international sign for "pick up the frickin' phone," i picked it up thinkin' there was something wrong with him.
and he's like.
are you okay?
i'm like.
huh, news travels fast.
his gf's mom had called him.
he called my sister.
THEY called me. i just wanted to frickin' sleep!
eitherw ay, finally got up for a while after talkin' to him and my sis and mom, listened to the radio for a little while (on my MP3 player 'cause the power was knocked out) and it was all fine.
so i went back to sleep 'till noon, took beau for a walk, surfed for four hours, cooked in the dark, read by candlelight for a little while, adn then the power came back on so i could watch tv.
all in all, an interesting sunday.
all my plans were shot to shit 'cause the cell waves were all packed and i couldn't get in touch with my friends very well.
and there was a storm at the same time so that didn't help.
yeah.
useless day.
then i needed a drink and naturally don't have beer, and i expected all the beer at the supermarket to be warm.
so i made a martini.
that i'm still trying to finish.
this fuckers don't go down too easy.
oh, earthquake was rated highest at a 6.6.
what surprised me most (geekin' it up) was the frequency of the rumbles.
hum.
definitely in the audible range and very regular.
then it would relax again.
but yeah.
didn't rumble like.
say.
an avalanche (movie sounds) or rock slide.
or how they make them sound in movies.
it hummed.
the amount of energy required to move that much mass SUSTAINED at such a high frequency is ridiculous.
Earlier this week, Karina had invited me over to her townhouse.
She said that Kubik would be hanging out, and I could come if I wanted.
I got there a little after 7, Project Runway reruns playing on Bravo, and I asked, "Where's Kubik?" because she's usually very punctual.
I take a seat in the armchair across from Karina, and while she's talking, a face appears in the window behind her, grinning and waving enthusiastically.
I jump, shrieking a little before I realize it's only Kubik.
Kubik gets a plate for her Chipotle burrito, and I ask for tea to dilute the effects of the two cups of coffee I had earlier.
Karina prepared a plate of 3 cheeses, red peppers, crackers, and we settle in front of the TV for some Project Runway.
Original plan was to watch Brokeback Mountain, but I saw that 1962 version of The Manchurian Candidate is on, and ask if we can watch that.
The two of them watch it, I half watch the movie while reading the newspaper, sometimes out loud, but Kubik complains, "SOMEONE IS TALKING while I'm trying to watch a movie!!" but Karina defends me, "You're one to talk."
This is too intense," with Karina asking if she needs to step outside.
We watch Project Runway, but the repetition of the same 5 commercials becomes old fast.
Around 1 pm, Karina tells us that we need to leave because it's late.
Haha, except nicer.
Sunday afternoon, Erica, Diana, and I are going to the Spy Museum.
As I'm walking to the metro station, a teenage boy in his mixed group of 4 or 5 friends hanging outside yells, "I like your haircut!" and I answer, "Thanks," while I keep walking having seen Erica and Diana enter a little bit earlier.
A compliment from a trendy teenager can brighten up anyone's day.
The three of us find our way to the Spy Museum and I'm surprised by the number of young couples who are there, in addition to the usual elderly tourists and young families.
I'm the slowest to go through the exhibits, and I soon lose Erica and Diana, occasionally catching up with them when they slow down.
On the first floor, they have a crawlspace you can go through.
It's carpeted, so not too hard on the knees, and I see that someone left behind their brochure.
The fake vent opens to another part of the exhibit, and I get out.
While I'm looking at an exhibit on bugging devices, this kid comes up behind me and hands me the pamphlet, "You dropped this."
Later, there's a phone booth that rings for visitors to pick up, but our timing is never quite right.
We stop in the gift shop before heading home.
Diana finds a book, and Erica picks up some souvenirs for her family.
The wind blows strongly outside, and Diana has a hard time pushing open the door, but a 7 or 8 year old boy who's already exited with his family helps her out by pulling while she pushes.
I woke up early and checked on my little Chirp.
It was cute.
I dipped my finger into the water and she drank the water that collected on it when I put it close to her.
She is looking better than she did, but hasn't eaten anything, so I hope she continues to heal.
I had to fly out the door this morning and ended up being 10 minutes late for class, but we were doing a group project, so I dived in and did my part.
Josh a.k.a the creep, who I'm in the group with, has been tolerable.
I think he knows not to cross the line he crossed once before.
So, we finished the group work and I decided just to head home.
There wasn't really nothing on campus I could do that I felt like doing.
I did spend some time on the Live Journal looking for pictures/ userpics.
I do love the Chun Li pictures I found.
She's always been one of my favorite video game characters.
maybe it's because she can beat the living shit out of guys heh.
Plus.
I love her outfit as well, except I think the laughing after she wins a fight in street fighter is kind of silly, but that's just me. Kikyo, from the Inuyasha series, has been another favorite of mine.
I find myself relating to her alot.
have a true normal life.
LOL.
well as normal as it can be.
*whispers* especially if I factor Matt into the mix.
;) love u hun.
She is also very strong and keen, but carries the scars of her past.
Appleseed is another Anime movie I loved.
The remake and the character Deunan Knute just engaged me big time, so I had to include some pictures.
Wish I could get that ES.W.A.T uniform she wears.
Matt I actually think you may like this one.
So, that's what I did for like a half an hour.
Went home and finished the luncheon posters than I had to leave early for my eye appointment.
I decided to get my annual supply of contacts with the knowledge if I did I could get a free webcam and a $30 rebate.
The total came to $218.92, but it's worth it.
I still have a few other appointments.
medical and dental, but I definetly need my loan to secure all my funds.
I than went to Office Max and got two jump drives.
They were on a special and heh.
I think the cashier made a mistake, but I didn't say anything.
I believe she entered in $17.88, instead of $18.88, so I got an unexpected discount.
It's a SanDisk Micro 1.0 GB jump drive, so not a bad deal.
Worked out at the YMCA and took a long relaxing shower after a stay in the sauna.
It feels so nice after a long workout.
So, I stayed at the YMCA for about 2 hours and went home to my little bird.
I took out the webcam from Shopko and entered the program into my computer.
It works great and I really like it.
It's actually something I thought about alot and I did stay dressed up for it.
I mean.
my guy hasn't seen me for about 4 months, so I wanted to look nice.
I've always been able to see him if I asked, so now he has the option now as well.
*smiles* he said I looked cute as always.
thanks hun.
I'm sorry and I will get more focused.
I've not been acting like myself and I know it.
So, I dedicate this song to you.
Artist: Crossfade
Song: Cold
Looking back at me I see
I'm always wrapped up in
Things I cannnot win
You are the antidote that gets me by
Something strong
What I really meant to say
Is I'm sorry for the way I am
And I'm sorry about all the lies
Maybe in a different light
You could see me stand on my own again
Cause now i can see
You were the antidote that got me by
I never really wanted you to see
Locked inside of me so deep
It always seems to get to me
I never really wanted you to go
So many things you should have known
I guess for me theres just no hope
*smiles* I will beat this thing.
*huggles to you all*
Mrangelmeg and I took his cousin Lilli to St Meinrad with us on Friday evening for a couple of functions that happened to be going on that evening in conjunction with this semester's lay student class weekend.
As I have said before I am happily not taking a class this semester, but these two particular functions were ones that were not to be missed.
The first was the dedication of a painting that was donated to the school by the students of Fr Damien Dietlein OSB, the Old Testament Professor there.
The picture is called Exodus and is of Moses and the Israelites crossing the Red Sea, painted by an Ethiopian artist who currently lives in South Dakota.
The entire enterprise was done as a surprise to Damo (our name for Father) and he was genuinely touched and surprised by the affair.
The other activity was the inaugural session of Theology in the Round, a session intended to bring Seminarians, Lay Students and Alumni together for an evening of discussion surrounding a topic chosen by a guest speaker.
The evening's speaker happened to be another of my professors: Fr.
Denis Robinson OSB whom I had for Early Church History and had been telling mrangelmeg about for months.
His topic was John Henry Newman and Catholic Education.
I really wanted mrangelmeg to have a chance to experience Fr.
Denis because he is a force with which to be reckoned.
After that discussion we spent some time in the little bar on campus which is called the Unstable ( Benedictines take a vow of stability, so they call the bar, the Unstable, get it?)
visiting with all my friends who are there for class this weekend while I am not.
I do miss them so very much, though I don't miss class at all.
We had a wonderful time.
And we got to see the Extreme Makeover Home Edition house in St. Meinrad (the town) as we drove to the Monastery.
How cool was that?
I have to admit, knowing that those of my friends who were there for Fr.
Denis' class on Creed were having a quiz on Heresies in the early church on Saturday morning I was more than happy to be returning home Friday night.
And forget the Internet, where as much as 75% of all information is general nonsense.
Enter stage left: Daniel's Five Minute Guides.
something the Internet has been missing since it was born!
Try out this first primer, a quick five minute guide to learning and loving classical music.
Five minutes is all you need, so grab a glass of your favorite wine, and enjoy your newfound knowledge!
If these prissy little installments are truly helpful, I may just have to take more requests!
Classical Music 101
Welcome to the world of classical music.
It's my world, a place where music in endless forms and varieties give me an entire lifetime of listening pleasure.
It's the oldest recognized type of music in Western civilization, and it dates back well into the Middle Ages.
Since classical music is the oldest and largest genre of music in existence, let's study this music from one era to the next.
Most music historians identify anywhere from four to seven distinct eras in classical music, and since I recognize all seven, let's learn about each one:
1.
Middle Ages (450 A.D. to 1450 A.D): Shortly after the fall of the Roman Empire, the first era of classical music was born.
Our first composers were mostly supported by the church (surprise!), and religion influenced early classical music more than any other source.
There was no formal system of notation, making composing very difficult and time-consuming.
Gregorian chants were written during these ancient times.
2.
Renaissance (1450 - 1600): Humans discovered that Earth is not the center of the universe, so classical music changed along with the rest of the arts.
Music became more of an expressive art than a science, and music was now being printed, allowing sacred, secular, and instrumental music to spread everywhere.
Governments now influenced the spread of the era's music more than the church.
Claudio Montiverdi was one of the most prominent composers of this era.
3.
Baroque (1600-1750): The era of Bach, Handel, and Vivaldi saw the development of almost every modern instrument in use today, particularly the violin, clarinet, and piano.
Composers developed the idea of the sonata, the concerto, and the symphony, where great performers (called virtuosos) found enormous success.
Composers used counterpoint, dance rhythms and repetition in their music.
4.
Think of this brief period as a launch platform of all the modern music to follow.
Just kidding.
Anyway, classical music wasn't even called classical music back in this time.
You can find nearly all of the most popular composers in this era, namely Mozart and Beethoven (both of whom didn't know they were writing "classical").
They used simple ideas, simple textures, and simple forms, all of which make for great listening material.
5.
Romantic (1825-1900): Lush and beautiful music was the prevailing theme during most of the 1800s, and music was written to tell stories, to depict the mysteries of nature, or to express the upper reaches of human emotions.
Composers of this era such as Tchaikovsky, Brahms, and Chopin wrote music with a wider dynamic range, using a larger variety of instruments.
Female composers gained more visibility during this period, such as Clara Schumann.
6.
20th Century: 1900-1999: Classical music exploded, evolved and splintered faster than it ever had before.
New subcategories of classical music were born every year, and more composers were writing music than all previous eras combined.
Music of this era was influenced by anything and everything, including world wars, politics, SEX, and cross-pollination by other types of music such as jazz.
And anything and everything was possible, from atonal to experimental to electronic.
Finally, music could be recorded and distributed widely, creating a burgeoning market for all types of new music.
Over one hundred thousand composers fall into this period, including Copland, Stravinsky, and Ravel.
Needless to say, neither the church nor the government contributed much to classical music in this century.
7.
Contemporary Classical: 1970 - 2050 (projected): If the 20th Century period ends in 1999, then what do we call all classical music written thereafter?
Welcome to the contemporary classical period, where we see even more subcategories such as the minimalism of Philip Glass, the electric opera by John Corigliano, and the twelve-tone works of John Bilotta, a Bay Area composer!
The few creative barriers that may have been left after the 20th century have been crushed by a whopping 300,000 living composers, and this contemporary period gives new meaning to the phrase "Anything Goes!"
That was painless, wasn't it?
There is so much more to learn, but this is your first step into removing the mystery from these vast eras.
Your next few leaps into classical music should now be a little easier!
The autoplay in each entry will be set to off, but please don't be shy, click play!
Add a little passion to your life each time you visit, and share my world with me!
Measure 40 amends the state constitution to require supreme court and appeals judges to be elected by district instead of the statewide vote that currently happens.
Arguments in favor: 29
Arguments in opposition: 20
8 of the "pro" arguments consist of someone listing what I take to be every single county in Oregon from which there are no appellate judges.
Both sides have a mixture of more polemic arguments and more reasonable arguments.
There's all kinds of thought about how the measure will make judicial positions more or less political, whether those positions already are political, whether it matters that the Oregon constitution originally had district elections and switched to statewide some time ago, whether elections by district mean that some of the judges will be less qualified than others could have been or whether it means that currently underrepresented areas (think every rural area) will have a better chance to have someone who understands them in the appellate courts, etc.
All in all, most of the arguments are not very convincing one way or the other.
One of the few that seemed to me to say something worth saying was an argument in favor that was written by Ron Saxton.
This surprised me, because I know from TV ads that Ron Saxton is running for something or other.
As such I consider him to be primarily a politician, and it is rare that I find what I might consider words of wisdom from a politician, even when I agree with them.
The one other somewhat-convincing argument was immediately after that one, also in favor, by an organization of Oregon farmers.
They talked about how it would be nice if some of the appellate judges understood how farms operate when lawsuits against farmers come up.
There seemed to be at least a smidgen of personal experience reflected in that argument, something not really present anywhere else.
So I'm leaning slightly in favor, although I mostly don't see how it will make that big of a difference.
ugh.
again, kerstin has proven to herself how she isn't who she wants to be yet.
my words tend to come out always as a substandard to how they sound on the workfloor of the psyche.
finding this out is almost as fun as finding out the effects of placing one's hand down a working garbage disposal unit.
:D!
lately all im capable is questioning things and my ablility to deal.
i don't like making decisions b/c i don't want to make the wrong one.
there are no wrong decisions, only different outcomes!" but i can't.
i don't want to make a mistake that i can't undo.
i don't want to burn any bridges, incase i've crossed the wrong one.
my paranoia really knows no bounds
and im bound to it.
found out my mother cut open the top of her left foot and got 11 stitches, good job mommy :D!
no, she's fine.
i talked to her today, she's ok. still a mess since i left from what my dad's told me but nothing new there.
my brother has turned into a pimp from what ive gathered.
this amuses me so very much.
if you know my brother and his inablility to approach women, you'd understand a lot better.
yeah, he's basically dating three girls in his sophomore class, woo~ go jg.
mormor is is dealing w/ senile dementia still.
it makes me sad, she's a tough old bird but she's just 'not home anymore'.
college?
i like/can deal w/ most of my classes.
my ren.
to nap.
prof is killing me with what she assigns though.
lost a syillibis for U.S. Gov. but the class is so cut 'n' dry that it's no worry.
ive successfully installed ilisten so i can literally talk in my essays instead of type them.
just a lot of proofreading w/ that approach.
and i have my costume but it's a secret ;D
(well, mostly two and 1/2 people know)
im pumpkin carving soon so im thinking of doing something simple but effective.
ie.
the vomiting pumpkin.
you know the one, where it has a shocked expression w/ pumpkin guts coming out of its mouth
so easy and cool~ish looking.
and handling of pumpkin guts which is double fun esp. when you have a squimish person working w/ you XD
i miss hugs
(and im not talking about the stalker hugs o_o those do not count) T_T
but im still laughing a lot.
things make me laugh here, esp. my roommates.
haven't had any major fights w/ roomies, not even small ones.
o_O
one last note!
speaking in thrid person amuses kerstin!
:D!
take care guys!
til nxt rambling,
so i had this dream.
and u can only guess who was in it.
really.
i'm not going to tell you.
but i'll give ya a clue.
BLUE EYES!
but its NOT ben.
surprising i know.
i think i'm finaly over ben.
any ways so about my dream.
so i was walking next to him and we were looking at one another.
and i held my head there for a while.
wow this kinda sounds like it going into a porno.
dont worry its not.
far from.
infact i'm done.
nothing else happened in the dream we just cuddled and it was real sweet.
but i was thinking about it alot today.
like wanting to dooo any thing to be with him!
and i ride my horse by his house and even sometimes ride with his dad and last time he came out too.
ok peace.
Seeing a scarred, bearded man in a rippling black overcoat warmed my heart, because his fingers were painting a trembling solo on his acoustic guitar.
I sat down beside him and ran lines in my head for a while, while a few feet away the song poured from his strings.
Eventually, the music faded away, and the guitar slipped back into its bag.
I looked up from my script and thanked him for playing.
"Oh," he said, and smiled.
A few seconds later he turned to me and asked, "Are you going to be here a while?"
"Yeah, sure, I'll watch your guitar."
"Ah, thanks."
i got my violin on tuesday.
i was very disappointed.
but i insisted on getting a violin so i took the bus to spirited music and rented one from there.
its a very expensive german "hofner" model, brand new.
i think i'm quite good for the amount of time i've been playing.
besides the usual "mary had a little lamb" and junk i can play swing low sweet chariot, silent night, chopin's funeral march, and i taught myself "hurt" by nine inch nails/johnny cash by ear because i couldn't find any proper sheet music for it.
its actually a pretty easy song, i suggest it for all beginers who are really quite sick of playing twinkle twinkle.
that and "le cygne", which is also very easy but just as sophisticated as anything else.
le cygne is usually played on cello, so just bring it an octave up.
those pegs are hard to push back in, especially the E string peg, that was a real bitch.
he said if i practise a lot and get really good to let him know because his band is looking for a violinist.
that would be pretty sweet.
last night me and mike and Christina and a bunch of people went to the bar and i got raving drunk on just 2 coolers.
i suck when im drunk, i just get dizzy and fall asleep, so once i was finished making an idiot of myself at the bar i dozed for hours on mikes couch.
cameron wants me to do a radio interview with him on his radio show one night so we'll have to schedule that.
i wrote a little bit of my book, but not much.
of course 2 pages is better than the zero i've been keeping up almost all month.
thats all i'm going to mention right now.
and disgusting!
Dear Marketplace:
I'm an avid listener of the programme.
I love the show because I learn so much.
Many times, I'll hear commentators, and sometimes I'll even agree with them.
Today, though, I heard the commentary of Susan Lee.
Assumption: "That's because Markets[sic] are much better at collecting and evaluating information than anything else on the planet."
This depends on what you're measuring.
Markets do not measure everything accurately, and I find this assumption to be disgusting.
Biodiversity isn't measured because it is more complex than one transaction.
And the Walmartisation of the world changes markets for the worse for labour, making people a mere slot in a computerised schedule, with no regard for their free time.
Forcing the world into markets is exactly what creates so many problems in the world (*ahem* people are at war with us over it, you know).
It is dangerous to force everything into a market mentality.
It is like throwing everything you eat into a meat grinder.
It makes everything homogeneous in texture, sure, but you never are able to enjoy it in its own context.
Who is going to buy this sort of prediction and 'futures'?
*The ones in control of it*?
Let's not promote gambling the security and livelihoods of people just because they're a few thousand miles away or brown.
How disgusting would it be to see 9/11 turn into a 'market'?
And who would be the bastard who profits off of the destruction of my workplace and life?
And, I do ask, who profited from 9/11 in the first place?
Yes, Ms Lee mentions insurance.
Look into it.
The answers are dispicable.
Comment: "Traders, those who buy and sell the contracts, bring all their disparate information on the political situation in Saudi Arabia into this central marketplace.
Their bets on the probability of this one terrorist action would be reflected in the price of the contract."
Would Ms Lee be throwing out these ideas for the US elections?
Plus, in such a secretive government, wouldn't this promote corruption?
The selling of top secret documents to profit off of the killing of 150 people in a mosque?
There's no reason to encourage them (ok, us).
And there's really no reason to encourage those who can afford to gamble on this sort of thing to do something so dispicable and amoral.
It is sickening.
There is so much room for the worst of humanity in doing things like this, let's not encourage it, please!
"In the last three years, terrorism has flourished.
Maybe it's time to add one more weapon to the arsenal."
Maybe it isn't!
I shudder to think.
Here's another great case of Redcoat Logic.
Joementum manages to dive on the recent threat-ish that emerged from Britain and turn it all around to make a comment on Ned and the democrats.
Apparently the extremist terrorists in Britain are connected to the insurgents in Iraq (despite the fact that the former were pure terrorists and the latter are involved in a civil war), and that a slow exit from Iraq was their goal.
That's why they went for the British airports.
Does no one see the problem with that logic?
This is how the redcoats see the world.
The war in Iraq is fighting terrorists.
Terrorists are all one giant unit.
The terrorists want us out of Iraq.
As long as terrorists exist, we can't get out of Iraq.
As long as there are any terrorists anywhere doing anything, we can't pull out.
The state of Iraq, what the Iraqi people want, all of that jazz, it's never spoken of at times like these.
All that matters is that terrorists want us out of Iraq, so that means we have to stay.
I'd also like to point out that the liberal complaint is not that we're fighting terrorists, it's that we're NOT fighting terrorists.
The complaint is that we abandoned the search for bin Laden in Afghanistan and went into Iraq under incredibly false premises.
Then Holy Joe ripped this one out:
"I'm worried that too many people, both in politics and out, don't appreciate the seriousness of the threat to American security and the evil of the enemy that faces us," Mr. Lieberman said at the Waterbury event.
He called that threat "more evil, or as evil, as Nazism and probably more dangerous than the Soviet Communists we fought during the long cold war."
To suggest that a couple of disorganized idiots trying to replicate Yousef's 1995 plot is more evil and more dangerous than what they did is beyond off-base, beyond stupid.
It's flat-out disgusting.
Joe, you're scraping.
You're turning redcoat.
Another apocalyptic vision last night: wandering through large rooms that are stuffy and crowded with people lying on the floor covered with sheets, most of them separate from each other.
Some aggressive people with mean faces and nasty attitudes staking out their turf, telling us to move along.
We try to find comfortable space and head down a winding staircase that seems to get smaller as it gets to the bottom.
Then I am outside and they are calling the name D'Angelo for people to board rescue vehicles.
The bees and the body somehow melt away as the rescue vehicles begin to depart - leaving me behind.
Then I wake up.
I am, by no means, an art critic.
I know very little about art, save the few well-known artists that everyone knows.
For my birthday, Jon took me to the Getty Center in Los Angeles.
The Getty Museum in LA stems from his collection.
They have several Degas.
and Rembrants.
and Monets.
and Reniors.
and Titians.
and Van Goghs.
Now, understand, when it comes right down to it, I am a hick from the sticks.
The only "art" I have ever been exposed to is the stuff that pretentious college drop-outs create and try to sell by hanging it on the walls for coffee shops.
I had never before seen a work by any of the Masters - the closest I have ever gotten to a Michelangelo is watching "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".
It's easy to Google Image search "Monet" and look at the results, but pictures and posters hold no candle to the real deal.
A real Alma-Tadema.
Oh, and I think I made the security guards really nervous - like I was going to blow my runny nose on the Renoir and forever ruin it with my bodily fluids.
They didn't like me very much.
Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting
(Pretty, no? You should see it in person!)
Well, I'm getting to that!
Like I said, I'm no judge of art.
The purpose - to catch Body Worlds 2 while we could (the exhibit had already come and gone to LA, so this was the only chance we would get.)
I was excited to see it as I have a fondness of cadavers (blame Gross Anatomy) and really wanted to get another shot at some up close anatomy viewing.
Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting
Another femur.
A femoralacetabular joint.
A glenoid-humoral joint.") Some of the exhibits were very interesting, such as  the soccer player and the skateboarder.
In Gross Anatomy, our cadavers were solemn - laying on the tables as if in a deep slumber.
Seeing the body in action was very interesting.
Also interesting were the cases of organs - healthy and diseased.
The odd thing about Body Worlds is that it goes from being an anatomy exhibit to being a sort of Cadaver Carnival of Bizarre Art.
(I can't find any good images of the weird displays, so to view some you have to look here at the International Body Worlds Online Store.)
Again, I am no judge of art, and the fact that this exhibit has drawn record numbers of people hint at the possibility that I am off-base.
Body Worlds is great in that it gives everyday people the chance to look at the machinery that is the body.
Now, people can see that organs are not the cartoonish objects that one sees in a book.
The general public also has a chance to look at diseased organs (something usually reserved for pathologists, who, I've noticed, seem to get *very* excited over things like polyps and necrosis.)
They have the blood vessels of various limbs that have been injected with polymers so that you can witness the intricacies of the blood supply.
The basic anatomy and bodies in motion portions are a must see.
However, for me, the more "artistic" exhibits were more of a turn off - I willingly admit that I was very attached to my cadaver in Gross, and the thought of him being displayed like that makes me a bit sick.
Then again, I'm not a good judge of art.
As an aside, there have been some interesting articles regarding the aquisition of cadavers for exhibits such as Body Worlds (I guess the entire affair has sparked various "knock-off" exhibits!)
Due to increased demand for bodies, China has stepped into the body buisness.
While this country has access to huge numbers of scientists and medical students (someone has to do the dirty work) there have been some controversies, and questions as to where the cadavers come from.
The creator of "Body Worlds" has denied that his specimines have been acquired in any dubious manner, and has documentation to that effect.
However, some of the knock-offs might not be as professional (personally, I'd avoid them if I were you.)
I won't make any more comments about it, and leave it in your hands.
I dislike feeling ill. Especially when I had plans for the weekend.
Just thought I'd let you know.
:p
I'm still being bothered by the craziest smells.
I'm also constantly congested, and I've been having drainage in my throat.
which of course, makes me feel nauseous.
Besides all of that, I've been feeling great.
My energy level is starting to increase more and more.
I was able to tell all of the teachers at school that I am pregnant, so it's been fun to hear all of their pregnancy stories.
Since school is just starting, we've been eating a lot, and it's funny because they are letting me get away with going first saying I am eating for two.
Everyone keeps asking if we're going to find out if we're having a boy or girl.
no, we're not considering Johnny as a name!).'
Alright, we're about to eat dinner, so until next time.
Jessica and Scott are outside on the porch playing a card game together.
This afternoon, I went shopping for school supplies.
Summer has gotten to me, and now it needs to leave.
It hasn't been very eventful in any way.
The most exciting time of my whole summer was going to Virginia with the Patricks, Pearsons and Roths, and that lasted less than a week.
Tomorrow, I hope either my mother or father takes me to go buy school clothes.
I don't except them to, because my Dad is taking my brother golfing (as previously stated), and my mother hates the mall more than she hates anything else.
Besides Hitler.
or George Bush.
or somebody like that.
Scott is losing the card game, from what I can hear.
He keeps yelling and pounding his feet on the floor.
My mother just asked Chris, "How would you prefer your crab?
Cold with cocktail sauce?
Or hot with butter and garlic?"
To which my brother said, "Cocktail."
"That's what I think."
As you can tell, my day has been nothing short of tremendous.
I tried making a collage of magazine cutouts (or in my case, rip outs.
It looks like somebody puked up several golds and pinks, and then pasted it on a canvas.
My cat, Roxie, is very nervous.
She was just eating cat food a few feet away from me. She saw my brother look at her, and ran away.
As she was running, a kernel of catfood fell from her mouth, and now it's all soggy on the floor.
It's pretty disgusting.
i freakin hate when you get in a bad mood and its not just one thing.
its just kinda just a bunch of little things and then you get sad and you just want to go cry and just be away from reality.
i just want.
i dont even know.
i mean i know but i cant put it into words and i just dont want to say it i guess.
and im not trying to be mean but if i say i dislike someone and you are like "why why why" and i try to explain but you're just like "thats stupid you shouldnt dislike her" it pisses me off if i have to defend myself for disliking someone.
and that's one of the only people i highly dislike.
actually thats the only person i highly dislike.
i mean i have my reason to dislike someone and you shouldnt question them cuz you arent me and you dont know and just stop.
cuz i hate tryin to prove myself to everyone.
i consider myself a nice person and i should have the right to dislike some people.
i give everyone a fair chance i think.
anyways.
i'm out.
Later
It wasn't because I was sad though.
I looked over at Jon and I said "Hey, I feel like I'm going to pass out."
Then I guess my head slammed into the window behind me and I fell on the floor.
I woke up to Jon picking up my head and saying my name, but I couldn't hear him.
It's because of thing called "vasovagal syncope" and was triggered because I have a kidney infection that was making me dehydrated and nauseous.
I hope I can at least pass out sometime when it's sweet, like when I'm driving or operating heavy machinery.
Hey!
I know I have not been writing 4 a long time.
I was studying 4 my CT3.
Anyway, a few weeks ago, I visited a chinese tea house and ate mooncakes and proper tea and tea eggs.
I will never try one again and i suggest you do the same.
I had rockwall enrichment yesterday.
It started raining jus B4 it started.
Luckily, it stopped in time for the lesson.
I did not climb very high up but was not bad either.
I spent my national day like I always do at home to watch the national parade.
My school choir was taking part and i saw them too.
I love the song "Absolutely Everybody" ever since the parade.
Well I'll try to write more often.
Bye
So I started work Weds.
That was uhm harsh?
I guess it's a lot more involved than I had thought.
I'm being trained by this woman, her name is Judy.
Not to mention I find her to be incredibly intimidating(sp?)
Anyway, as the day proceeded it seemed to be getting easier, and I was so sure I had the basics down pat.
I felt this way up until it was time to count my drawer.
After that I had pretty much decided that it was giving up time.
I guess that made me feel a little bit more at ease.
The second day I went in and I was so paranoid.
OF course I was stressing it too much because as the day proceeded, I began to feel myself becoming more and more comfortable with everything.
The end of the day came and it was than time to count out my drawer.
My change was exact down to the last penny, what a relief that was for me lol.
Today (day three) went relatively smoothe.
But it was wasn't so bad since I got to hang out with Lauren the night before :]To make this somewhat shorter.
at the end of today my drawer was exact again.
My charges were.50 short, but apparently that's not a horrible thing.
Tomorrow I have to go in at 8 and stay till 5pm.
That is going to suck so much.
Urrr two more hours &gt;.&lt; Ahh than for this coming week they have me down for nearly everyday till closing time.
HORRIBLE.
Hopefully tomorrow will go smoothe.
I'm definately done bitching for now.
Buh byeee.
Another little check-off on the to-do list, as all three of my summer classes are now done and graded, and I still retain my 4.0 GPA.
It's a bit more satisfying this time than most since I'm now past the second of the three major problem classes I identified when I first got back into school.
I assume until proven otherwise that I ought to be able to excel at the highest level at most things, so a top grade in all of my classes was always the goal from day 1.
However, there are several things I know full well I've been between mediocre and bad at in the past- theoretical math, foreign languages, public speaking.
Thus, Statistics, mandatory Spanish, and the public speaking class I've been in this summer were the three classes I've assumed were most likely to potentially drop my GPA.
So far that's turned out to be little problem- I believe I got perhaps 4 questions wrong over 5 or 6 tests in all of stats and secured an A easily in Speech.
What's more, I could tell the subjects themselves were coming to me much easier than they did, say, 5 years ago- so it wasn't simply a matter of more lax evaluation.
None of this is really an achievement of course, but it is nice to know that I seem to be improving in areas which were previously more difficult.
I dislike the idea of having gaps in my ability; it's the same need for balance that leads to me trying to further develop my natural cross-handedness into ambidexterity.
It's why I try to hone my body as I do my mind.
I've always been aware that I excelled verbally at potentially the highest level, and so I was best served by following and developing that side of my talents; but I refuse to allow that pursuit and development to leave me lopsided or with deficiencies in other areas.
I have a month off of classes now, to do research and move and probably take up an internship job.
Life keeps moving.
I'm going to have to go out to south London area police station sometime tomorrow.
The weather is looking so pleasant that I think the Tube will have to do do for transport.
A little unfortunate, but at least it saves me from actually walking there.
If it hadn't been so important I'd have refused their invitation anyway- who's going to watch the shop while I'm gone?
While I've got every faith in my employees abilities, I wouldn't like to think about what could happen if.
I sent the last one that came around off with such a red face, it was a wonder he didn't pass out!
I wonder if its faded, yet.
He called me a woman.
I don't look that much like a girl, do I?
It's good that I'm old enough to learn lessons on my own and not from others, either by teaching or example, because people are stupid.
Seven hours on the road in two days, and I've come to the conclusion that most people have no concept of what turn signals, speed limits, and restroom sinks are for.
I stopped in New Gloucester to use the bathroom on the turnpike, and had to wait because it was so busy.
I saw one guy after another take a piss then leave without washing his hands.
Finally it was my turn, I use the facilities, go to the sink, find myself the only one there, and a constant line of guys behind me just filing out, again without using the sink.
All told about a dozen guys, and I was the only one who actually washed his hands.
There wasn't even a cursory, "pretend" wash amounting to little more than a cold water rinse.
I finally snapped and yelled out the door at the last two "DOES ANYONE WASH THEIR FRIGGING HANDS AFTER USING THE BATHROOM ANYMORE??"
Disgusted, I dried my hands, walked out, and yelled "PIGS!" toward the Burger King where a number of them had congregated for a late lunch.
Some were in the middle of eating, others were holding girl's hands or their children.
Lovely.
While I have no doubt whatsoever that my equipment is clean and disease free (I devote at least as much attention to cleaning that as I do my hands; any women dating these boys should be weary of the possible filth that probably accompanies sexual relations with him if he can't even take care of his hands), I cannot say the same for others, and cannot vouch for where their hands have been prior to touching the same surfaces that I have, such as the toilet seat, flush lever, and door handles.
Hey assholes, explain to your children where their cold sores came from: "Daddy didn't wash his hands in the restroom, then he cleaned the ketchup off your face, and now you have herpes."
Old guy, while it's unlikely that you'll catch something major from a dirty turnpike restroom, even a case of the flu could kill at your age.
Wash your damned hands.
UNCLEAN!" should at the very least be a public restroom on the interstate.
Simply entering one should make you feel dirty and in want of a shower.
I didn't see much of Michael, he had to work during the day, then Holly and I skipped out to see a movie and left him with the kids.
We saw "Descent" at the local 'ghetto' theater, in the local 'ghetto' mall.
You know, it's like the Airport Mall here in Bangor: the automatic doors, for instance, aren't necessarily automatic anymore.
The theater itself hasn't been updated since approximately ET was first released.
It makes me appreciate the local cinemas that much more, (the former) Hoyt's and even the cheap seats at Spotlight in Orono all have the new stadium seats, bigger screens, and latest sound tech.
But it was nice to get out to the movies with Holly, I don't get to see her very much at all in any role other than as "mom", and as a single male with no kids, it's hard to associate myself with "parents."
Ask any comedian, they usually have a bit about the inability of the childless to relate to parents and vice versa.
Not that Erin has a problem, she loves kids and works with them, but I've never honestly been much of a kid person.
Older kids, sure, I can identify with short, immature but otherwise rational human beings, but little kids?
I have no clue.
What do I do when someone three feet tall smacks me in the head?
You can't beat them, you can't yell and foam at the mouth, but you can't ignore it either.
But unlike that said territory, children grow-up at some point, and most at least realize that you can't just go around pissing people off.
Though they undoubtedly do.
The movie itself sucked.
Tricky bastards.
The plot was just full of loopholes, there wasn't even any gratuitous boobage that you might otherwise associate with a Hollywood movie that stars an entire cast of nothing but athletic women.
No, these weren't the "oh I'm cute, see my ta-tas?" kind of athleticly built women, these were the "see me hang from the roof of a cave by my fingernails" type, the "I don't even need a sportsbra" kind of actual athletes.
But this one was just full of plot holes that you could drive a truck through.
Spoiler warning!
IF you actually want to see "The Descent" then stop here and go do your nails or something.
Ok, so at one point they find a dead moose in the middle of the cave system.
How did it get there?
"Oh they kill the food outside and bring it inside to eat."
Umm-kay, I can see that.
But on each side of this cavern, there are drop-offs of hundreds of feet that had to be traversed by clinging to the ceiling.
So how the holy fuck did the cave-dwellers get a MOOSE through?
And what about the primitive cave paintings by the local natives thousands of years ago?
How did they traverse the chasms?
Would they bother?
"Hey shelter" you think, good deal.
You explore for a little bit, then WHOOPS!
No floor!
Is your first thought "well, must find a way across?"
What about the tiny passages you'd have to squeeze through?
What's the point?
I don't find the idea of poking around in the dark deep in the bowels of the earth very entertaining at all, I don't think our ancestors, devoid of electric flashlights and safety equipment would be any more inclined to risking their life for so worthless an enterprise.
Is there food that deep in the cave?
Fresh water?
Safety?
Hell no.
So what's the point?
If this took place in the wilds of Africa, perhaps it might be worth venturing into the earth to escape the large predators that prayed upon human beings so very long ago, but even that was well before we took to cave drawing.
After the movie and the subsequent discussion as to all the different ways it was just simply retarded, we came back to the house and watched TiVo.
Holly's gotten really into Dog the Bounty Hunter and we watched an episode of that.
It's alright, it's like American Choppers in that I enjoy it if there's really nothing else to watch.
We also caught a couple episodes of that new Stan Lee show about the wanna-be super heros on SciFi.
I'm already convinced that Feedback will win, he just looks the part of a modern comic book figure.
Major Victory is entertaining, but he's got an old-school look to him, like the original Batman or Superman.
Comics and subsequent spin-off media such as movies reflect the point I'm making: the whole shebang has gotten darker, both literally and figuratively.
Black suits for Spiderman and Superman for instance.
Look at Superman: the original television Reeves was a fatman in tights with no issues, his movie successor had human flaws and frailties.
Spoiler alert!!
Cue "Our Lady Peace - Superman's Dead", good song.
"Do you worry that you're not liked?
How long til you break?
You're happy cause you smile, but how much can you fake?
An ordinary boy, with an ordinary name, but ordinary's just not good enough today."
Yea ok, so I don't know what this has to do with the refrain, but it's a catchy tune.
We watch tube for a few hours, I watch Holly fold clothes, I head to bed in the basement then get up the next morning to watch Spiderman 2 with her and the kids.
Then I head home around lunch time.
The turnpike was nuts, every asshole from Jersey and Connecticut was apparently heading to Canada.
It was so packed that all three lanes were barely crawling along at the speed limit, let alone any faster.
At about Biddeford, I jumped-ship and headed up Route One, expecting an "accident" the likes of which I experienced the last time I headed home from NH by myself.
Imagine: three lanes of traffic, none of it moving, for the better part of two hours.
Come Scarborough, I jumped back on, since Route One was pretty packed, and I didn't want to go through downtown Portland.
I abandoned the turnpike last time as well, shortly after the traffic jam cleared, and ended up getting home 4 hours later than expected and having just enough time to get ready for work before heading out again.
It kind of sucked.
So back on the pike, putting up with traffic, speeds picked up to well above where they should have been, things cleared a little north of Lewiston, a little more above Augusta, but it was still pretty frigging busy all the way up.
Got into Bangor, picked up my check, went home and waited for Erin.
Spent some time with her, watched a little "Storm of the Century" on DVD (the bargain bin rules), then took a nap before work, where I am now.
How can I blog so extensively at work?
The new guy is still training, and since he goes live on his own next weekend, he needs to ensure he can actually do the job on his own.
So I'm not doing shit unless absolutely necessary.
Yes, in effect, I've become a Supervisor.
I'm so proud of myself.
Sniff.
Pete Rose runs over Indians catcher, Ray Fosse to score the winning run of the 1970 All Star Game.
Fosse's career was never the same.
Teams---1---2---3---4---5---6----Final
Nick------1---0---1---12--2---2----18
Marco----2---2---1---1---7---0----13
Yeah, cocky, supercilious Marco Starnoni who eats as if he had been walking in the desert feasting on nothing but manna for forty years.
Well, it was an all right game.
We scored twelve runs in the 4th inning because of some shoddy defense by Marco's team.
Let's just say they gave us at least five outs but probably more.
The inning would just never end.
I had quite a few homeruns and was involved on the wrong side of a great defensive play turned in by Joe Twarogowski.
In the 3rd inning, I tried to score when a throw to third base got away.
I came racing down the line as Ryan Shalek picked up the loose ball and fired a strike to home plate.
Joey, who was blocking home plate, reached up and snared the ball as I arrived at the plate.
I tucked my shoulder down and leveled a defenseless Joe.
He went flying backwards and landed with a huge thud in the left-handed batter's box.
Upon hitting the ground, he pulled the ball out of his glove and into his bare hand and showed everyone he had held on to complete the double play.
When I asked him whether he was all right, he said he was and proceeded to tell me that he knew it was coming.
He saw the play unfolding but had no way to brace for it because of the high throw and the simultaneous arrival of me and the ball.
Oh well, how often does one see a collision at home plate anyway?
You just have to think though of the consequences when two people meet at one point in that vicious a nature.
Who can forget Ray Fosse and Pete Rose's encounter at home plate in the 12th inning of the 1970 All Star Game?
This play remains perdurably etched in baseball history as the greatest play at the plate of all time.
Jim Hickman lines a base hit to center, Amos Otis comes up firing to the plate, the third base coach, Leo Durocher waves Pete Rose home, the throw brings then Indians' catcher, Ray Fosse a few feet up the line, and then it happens.
Pete Rose knocks Ray Fosse into baseball lore and permanantly knocks his shoulder into a somewhat more precarious place.
Pete Rose scores the game-winning run and Ray Fosse, the Indians' seemingly promising beacon, is never the same ball player.
So, in the end, we held on to win by a score of 18-13.
Joe was fine after taking one of the hardest shots any catcher has ever taken in the six years we've been playing ball together.
That is probably the reason most leagues have banned the runner from destroying the catcher like that.
Yes, injuries can happen but, as a former catcher, it's the most exhilarating play in sports.
There is nothing like being in a train wreck at home plate especially if you hang on to the ball for the out.
Joe said it doesn't happen that often so it doesn't bother him.
It would if it were a constant occurence but that was the first time this year that we had had a collision at home plate and probably the last.
There is usually one good hit each season and that is it.
Joe said the only sensation going through his body when he hit the ground was that he had to go to the bathroom badly.
That was kind of funny.
It's not as if Joe has never gotten me before.
I remember it as though it were yesterday.
June 5th, 2003.
Joe was on third and there was a runner on second with one out in a 6-6 tie in the bottom of the 6th inning.
We were intentionally walking Ahsan to load the bases up.
As I threw one of the pitches back to Billy, Joe broke for home plate.
I screamed for Billy to throw it and he did.
I jumped in front of home plate and the ball deflected off my glove and Joe just crushed me. He bounced off me and rolled behind home plate.
I landed by the ball and picked it up with my bare hand.
I turned around and swiped at Joe and missed as he hit home plate with his foot and his whole team just raced to the plate and mobbed him as they won, 7-6.
Ahsan says he still remembers that play.
He says he and Joe knew we were loading the bases for their two worst hitters to get the game into extra innings so they devised a play that involved Joe's trying to steal home.
Ahsan told me that he remembers the collision mostly because the game was being played in the rain and we very rarely play when it's raining.
He saw us sprawled out on the ground and thought for sure Joe was out.
Then he saw the ball lying on the ground and screamed for Joe to touch home.
I remember walking off the field disgusted with myself.
It was as if they had won the World Series.
They completely mobbed Joe and were bounding around home plate as if Joe were the king of baseball.
All right, that's all I want to say.
Good night my faithful blog acolytes.
I shall catch you later on when I am feeling like writing again.
My brother and I just went out to go for a bike ride.
I checked my bike tire, and though it was quite bent and warped, I was still able to go biking.
I liked that, I am really happy to be able to ride again.
The reason I was at the bank was to check to see if Dad had deposited the 56 dollar Government GST cheque into my account yet.
What I did, to see, was check to see what my balance was.
It was 62 dollars, that's precisely 56 dollars more than I had.
Bonus!
So I went to take out my 60 dollars, and it said I couldn't take it, because my available funds was limited to 6 dollars.
I was pretty bummed out, because it meant they put a hold on my cheque, I hate when they do that, what's the bloody point?
Especially when it's a bloody government cheque.
It wouldn't bother me much, except the last government cheque I deposited had no hold on it.
It was 122 dollars (money I promptly blew on DVD's and Food).
So, here I am with money RIGHT there that I can't get a hold of, and I really want to spend it at the Furmeet on Monday.
We furries are going to the Mongolian restaurant for a hangout from 7-9 before the meet, because sometimes we like to hang out and go bowling or swim for the meets.
I get the feeling Dad doesn't want Sam to go weird on him.
Like I said a while ago, Dad said he was gonna buy Sam a pound of weed, a 2-4 of beer, and a led Zeppelin album so that he had at least one normal kid.
He's pretty old fashioned, but not rude about it.
He's not ignorant, just old fashioned (which is pretty damn rare.)
We think we're pretty close to letting Sam go with me but I would end up sleeping at Ixyao's again, because by the looks of it, Loth is spending the night in London again with his girlfriend.
Earlier today, I put on Elfenking - Seasonspeech, and mom asked me if I ever listened to radio music anymore.
I pride myself on listening to a wide variety of music.
I swelled with pride.
Scott moved out this morning.
I was sad, but I helped him move his stuff.
Despite the large load of stuff he took, I barely notice a difference in the house.
The place looks just as full as it did when he was living here.
I've already told mom I'm moving on the weekend of the 26th, and I just need to get a hold of Andrea so I can make the plans formal.
Now I need to find a place to put all my stuff at Andrea's. I know my DVD shelf would have no problem finding a place in the livingroom, but the computer, the bed, the dresser, and my electronics would need to find a home in my room.
I could probably find a way to swing it, but it would be a little cramped.
There's no way I could put my chairs there, and I don't want to trash em, I would like to give them to a friend or something at the least.
I love my chairs *sniffs*
I also tried to do my timetable, today was the first day I can set the timetable.
It took me a while to figure out how to do it, but I did finally figure it out, and I did what I could to keep Monday night and Tuesday morning open.
That way I can go to the Furmeets, Jason also did the same thing, he has Mondays off so he can go to the furmeet.
That's funny, I think, that we love the furries so much that we're willing to schedule our schooling around the meets.
Woohoo!
However, when I went to submit my timetable, I was asked to pay the rest of my tuition.
I was kind of confused.
as when I asked the representative, they said that as long as I paid my 400 dollars, I wouldn't have to worry about the rest of my costs until OSAP made a decision, and until then, I could go ahead, schedule, and do my thing.
I need to make another few calls, but mom's in Norwich and has the only phone that works right now.
It also said that I have to register for some student success thing, and I have to call in.
Same deal, I have the number written down on a piece of paper so I don't forget when the time comes.
I also have my MoCoMotion password and username right here, not to mention my OSAP access number, and all the numbers I need to call right here with me. I am PREPARED.
And since I put that I was living with mother, and she only makes 6000 a year, I can almost guarantee that I will get accepted for OSAP, and they said they'll pay 8700 for this year.
which is crazy good, especially if I'm living with Andrea, who only asks for internet, hydro, and food.
For me, internet would be like 25 bucks, hydro, another 30 or 40, and food.
well, I could splurge.
I do have to pay something like 300 dollars a semester for the Mohawk Brantford to Mohawk Hamilton bus.
And the government still owes me 680 dollars.
and they say for this semester, I only owe them 1044.12.
Either way, I'm thinking it's looking pretty good.
Yeah, vulgar, I know, but even if I had a friend with benefits, I would go the way of Andrea and do it to get it out of the way.
So, tomorrow I am busy.
Sam and I are both working for Burgessville Rocks for Whitney.
I get to be ticket bitch, and I get more volunteer hours and experience.
Alphabeta for two years, and now this.
Try to tell me that it's not impressive to see on a resume.
Which I should print up next week, when I find the time, after I get the info.
I need to have them ready so I can be looking for a job In Brantford after school.
None of that for the Runa.
I finally feel a little more independent.
I am looking to drive more so I can get my G2, I am solid in my belief that I am going to Brantford on the 26th, I am no longer indecisive, I want to get away from the issue between my parents, and I am looking to be very assertive for college.
Here's a list of the things I need to do.
#1, print off the OSAP thing the government wants me to.
I just need it to get mom's signature, then I think I mail it to the government when they decide or something.
I need to do that ASAP.
After that, I then make my calls to mohawk to ask about the money issue, the tuition and my schedules.
#4, move to Andreas and get comfortable there while looking for an after school job.
#5 talk to the people concerning the shuttlebus from Brantford to Mohawk.
Problem is, I can't do any of these things right now, so I keep them all in mind, and become impatient to get access to a phone, and I am gonna look up info on the shuttlebus.
Courses just opened up, so it's not like I'm late, they've been open for a whole 12 hours, and I can register until mid September, so I've got some time, however, I don't want to wait, that's why I went on the site this morning to do it ASAP.
So, tomorrow's gonna make me a little sad.
I have the choice to either go to this Burgessville Rocks thing, go to London to watch movies with the Furries, or go to Brantford with Jason to sling some haybales and make some more cash (oh yeah, Tim owes me like 30 bucks too, on top of the 60 in my bank) so apparently I do well with the cash.
Not to mention the 680.
I will be okay until I move to Andreas, and for a little while afterwards, I'm in no rush, but I want to be ahead of the crowd.
You know, do my thing, be independent.
I know I CAN do it, I just want college, that's my thing.
Anyway, the smart part of me says to go to Jason's, make some cash, get stronger, get ready and train my leg to be stronger (like I did on my bike.)
However, the loyal part of me says that since I made a promise to Whit, even though it's unpaid work, I should go to Burgessville.
I mean, I told her on July 25th, or somewhere around there, that I'd come help out, and I wasn't backing out this time.
Plus I get to see Whit, Sam, Will, and the whole High School Crew.
I miss em all and they're the smartest, most responsible group I've ever been a part of.
However, the playful, devil-may-care part of me tells me to fuck em all and go to London to watch movies with the Furs.
In fact, I sent her an email, and she still hasn't responded, so I don't know when she'll be here.
I will be on all night waiting.
Flamers.
Not flamboyant Homosexuals, but people on message boards and forums.
People like a guy I know named Pisher, and Kuellere.
Both are people who go on the Boxofficemojo forums.
Just as an example, here's something he wrote.
Rondoze, I think I see the source of our misunderstanding.
It's a defensible opinion, however unproven.
So sorry to have misunderstand you, it would help if you learned how to write."
People like him bug me, not because they disagree with me, but because when you disagree with them, they resort to insults, and we all know how men need to have big balls and can't lose to another man, people always fall into a fight, or as it's known online, a flame war.
I try to stay out of them, as I can't stand my intelligence being lowered to their level, but sometimes I just want to do what Jay and Silent Bob did.
go to their houses and smash their faces in because they like to aggravate.
just because they can.
When I go on a messageboard about movies, I like discussing things like which film was better, Pirates or Superman.
I personally enjoyed Pirates more, but I thought Superman was far more artistically done with a fantastic story.
Whereas you go on there, on one side there are people constantly saying that pirates sucked, and that nobody is allowed to like it because it sucked and it was horrible.
etc. or you have the folks trying to tell you that Superman was horrible.
despite the fact that it made nearly 200 million dollars.
It's disgusting that I have to feel relieved when I find a thread that has people calmly discussing sides of an argument.
Well, I'm gonna go post on a board and try to ignore the flames.
In case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and goodnight.
so im confuzed.
i dont know what i want outta life
i dont like myself    quite frankly i dislike myself very much, dont ask why cause i couldnt tell you.
all i know is i suck  (and im not looking for sympathy comments here)
im only writing this stuff down because when i see it in writing sometime i understand myself better
i hate the word better
why cant i just be happy with good enough?
everything could ALWAYS be better  so ill never be happy!
freaky.
but wat the HECK  does "delight yourself in the Lord and He will give you the desires of your heart", mean?
or even enough of those?
i suck , completely and thouroughly suck
i feel like i constantly need a boyfriend.
i cant learn to be ok with myself alone and i dont want to have to rely on boys to make me feel like im important or worth living.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   why do i hate life?!
i just wanna have fun and be happy and simple like all my friends.
just giggle giggle giggle thats all they do everyday all day and all they need is a boyfriend and someone to laugh with.
i want to be that
Terrorists make me SICK, they ought to all be horrifically detained, I believe it was the first time in my life I have had to resort to extreme racism.
Do you people not listen to the news or what?
Perhaps I am just being petty, but that did really annoy me.  It absolutely outrages me as to how evil, and canniving these people are.
Imagine, transporting a bomb, fashioned out of a SPORTS DRINK, and triggering it with the simplistic flash of a disposable camera.
I just can't believe it.
I'm only going back now, should a member of my immediate family pass away.
Britain, has, evidently officially gone to the dogs if the so-called "prime minister" is in Mexico, whilst we could have been dealing with 3,500 innocent lives lost, on 10 different jetliners.
So, I am thankful to still be alive.
For ages now I've been doing this self defence class and at the beginning of every class we get a stern talking too about not doing any of this stuff at home, and I've just discovered why.
Lat night, while trying to demonstrate to Tequila Boy how effectlivley I could beat him up if he ever had a complete change of personality and decided to attack me I slipped on the carpet trying to demonstrate a roundhouse kick fell backwards and hit the wall with what I'm assured was a sickening crack.
But it didn't hurt and it didn't seem to be bleeding to much so I shrugged ot off and went to bed.
So now I have five staples in the back of my head.
Which, just so you know, really fucking hurts.
In fact, I bought TOILET PAPER of George Bush stupid quotes.
Now I'm on my political soapbox, so if you find opposition to the Republican regime distasteful, feel free to exit now.
On a more serious note, just open up any paper or online news provider and you will find things that *should* alarm you, and which definitely are bothering me! Here is just an example from Yahoo News:
"WASHINGTON - While the British terror suspects were hatching their plot, the Bush administration was quietly seeking permission to divert $6 million that was supposed to be spent this year developing new homeland explosives detection technology."
(Click here for full story.)
We have spent billions of dollars and countless human capital expenditure on the whole Homeland Security division.
We diverted funds from FEMA for this organization which, in my mind, was directly (and I mean DIRECTLY) tied to the disaster Katrina brought to the South.
That does not even begin to address the loss of our civil liberties and the insidious spread of a Gestapo or KGB-like mentality that most of America just seems to be blissfully unaware of.
The government can and WILL find you no matter what steps you take to try and get some privacy.
Perhaps I'm being an alarmist, but the loss of privacy and personal freedom in the name of "security" SCARES me. I am fine with heightened security at airports.
In fact, last night my Mom asked me if I am "scared" of flying and going on our trip.
Honestly, I think it means that we will be SAFER for the next few months traveling.
It's the pervasive spread of "Big Brother Is Watching You" that concerns me. Some people say "we only have to put up with this for two more years" while I say, "Get me a job in Canada!"
Two wrongs can make a right in small situations.
One such being the slight civil annoyance of another commuter's feet riding pride high on the train seats.
Often only concerned in self removal in busy or peak times.
Sadly, due to current legal mud pies, forcefully conveying the issues and negatives concerned with sitting in such a state are verboten.
Plausibility deniable.
Knowing the majority's aversion to confrontations and speaking out, a ride with the feet up on the seats can usually last the entirety of a journey.
This works in their favour.
It can also be turned against them.
For those who feel powerless and fearful of repercussions, yet want to take action, there is always something more grating than knowing someone either cannot read or show respect for public seating areas.
Away from view and made to be the problem of another set of commuters.
As, after all, society has been developed to shift blame and anger ad infinitum.
I'm currently at Willprint with Cam-cam and Meggie.
Thank God the exam's over.
I really hate Ma'am Nario!
Some questions wasn't even discussed.
Plus, that theories and galaxies.
fuck i can't wait to live alone!
if i ever live with a girl, that bitch better be clean.
i come home after two weeks and our place is fucking disgusting.
what the helllll.
im cleaning out my inbox and saved folders and stuff too.
hahah.
so much old stuff.
girlfriends and random sex junk mail and all.
gotta love it.
i went delving into my old entries and comments and stuff today.
i didn't even get a jolt when i saw her face on comments.
it's so weird.
i used to be so sad about it.
i still have moments and all, natrually.
but i guess when you let it all go, and you realize it's time to move on and all.
that's one of the last steps.
when you come to terms with letting it go.
most people say that's the first step, but it totally isn't.
euphoric almost.
wowo.
i'm so deep.
deep like the kiddy pool.
i am back from vacay.
good times.
we're down to the final weeks of summer people!
I hate it when certain people always seem to be better at me in everything they do.
even though I know inside that I could beat them at most aspects of all that.
Maybe if I just tried hard enough, without anyone putting me down.
I could do it.
I guess I'm not going to continue with this any more.
I hope everything will be all right in time to come.
I'm still pretty freaked out by the piano exam next week.
My brain seems dead and most probably won't be able to keep up with everything else that I'm sure is going to be thrown at me. If people's minds could be weirded out.
I guess my fingers could be too.
I wish it all would end.
I dislike negative, non-beneficial (to me) change in people and things.
I don't like that.
I wish other things would change.
where has the love in reciprocation gone.
The fireworks were beautiful.
No words can describe them.
The only way to enjoy them, is to live that moment.
Then, they are gone.
You can only savour them for that moment.
Miss it and that is it.
The last time I watched them so close up was back when I was still a young child.
Back then, everything was simple.
Why is life so much more complex now.
What is it that I want out of my life.
Where should I go on from here.
Questions, only questions, with no answers.
3rd guy sms-ed me, 3 times in 3 days time.
I gave in to temptation.
Was this how Eve felt when Satan tempted her with the forbidden fruit.
I replied him, asking him to give me a call, which he did.
We chatted for a while.
He told me about his work and his regime for his upcoming marathon.
Once again, I was like caught in the web, unable to free myself.
I just wanted someone I can confide about the difficulties I faced at work and the void in my life.
Maslow theory about our basic needs being met and wanting to find other purposes in life.
I do not agree with her as my basic needs are not fulfilled yet.
I have yet to establish a career for myself.
There are still hundreds and one things that I want.
Yet, I do not know the means to achieve them.
I feel so lost.
Yet, I am helpless to it.
Fui al dentista, hoy.
My mouth hurts soooooo much.
I hate going to the dentist, well hate is a strong word.
I dislike going to the dentist.
All those tools, buzzing, blinding light in the face, and the doctor over you with a mask can't tell if his smiling or what.
Bad new.
I got three cavities.
THREE.
Have to go back ( I shrug at the thought).
Well, ni modo.
Have to have healthy teeth.
don't want them to fall out, while chewin' on something.
"Playing love and politic are alike, you have to say the words without really say them and make sure the opposite party get the impressions you want them to see.
And for some reasons I dislike doing politic cause manipulating, mostly people, are what it does.
, right?"
My parents are moving to Mars, Pennsylvania, on Thursday.
Mars.
This is twenty minutes from Pittsburgh, where my dad works, but still 6-7 hours from Swarthmore, where I go to school.
Win win!
He won't have to commute across three states anymore, but it'll still be a hassle for anyone to visit me or to plan for me to get home.
My sister will remain in Michigan, so I thought I'd be coming back here occasionally, but she and I have had several vicious, scarring fights this summer.
I spend my time joyfully packing boxes.
It's like Christmas presents in reverse.
Probably I do.
But I've spent the last three years trying to cut off any contacts or feelings of mine to this town.
I've considered not coming home for holidays to see my family because I dislike this town so much.
No, that last one isn't true.
I went to a bar last night on my way home and had a drink &amp; a sandwich.
A guy sat next to me and bumped my leg with his.
I talked to the bartender for a minute.
("Aren't you a friend of Maggie's?" I am Maggie.
"Really?"
Yeah.
"You look like her, I guess!
Hahaha!"
Yeah.)
The guy sitting next to me started to small-talk slash pick-girl-up-talk.
He looked high.
Attractive and high.
Totally dangerous combination.
I performed the standard get-lost-loser body language.
He disengaged after the second glare.
I'm going to start saying things like, "Sorry, I'm moving to Mars."
Just because, you know, too cheesy to live.
Also, Mormons came to the door last week.
I invited them in and ended up with lots of pamphlets &amp; the book of Mormon.
I'm not sure why I did that, or why I allowed that to happen, or whatever.
Maybe I wanted to fuck with myself, which usually happens anytime I feel relatively okay.
They were so earnest.
Maybe I was nostalgic.
I need to go to therapy like whoa.
so much has happened since the last time i updates.
theres to many stories to tell here so i'll just give the general outline of p2p:
39 kids, 4 leaders, 1 amazing Irish woman named lynn, and 3 weeks in england ireland and wales can only lead to a once in a life time experience.
at first i wasn't convinced that i would literally make friendships to last a life time but that changed as soon as we got on the plane.
Mel, Sully, Steve, Adam, Gibbs, Artur, Erin, Jacqui, Will, Leanne, Nikki,Justin, Jeffy, Steph, all the Catherines/Katies, Kaela, Bree, Sarah Grady (future president of 2005 haha), Sarah p, Caitlin g i love you all.
you made this trip amazing and i don't know what i'm gonna do without you.
so i came back right in time, right before heathrow airport was put on severe high alert.
i'm really lucky about that.
lets just say i never want to drive a manual car again.
i'm actually pretty good at driving a normal car, so i'm excited.
i got some great presents and had an awesome 16th birthday. 
It's not like much has happened since last year.
or maybe there has been.
There is always so much stuff I have to do each day that before I know it the day is gone.
I think so far the city has really opened my mind up to certain things.
The people here even at Columbia are so different than I expected.
I'm loving school at Columbia.
I feel more at ease now that I kind of know what I want to do with my life, but more scared because I feel like everyone is a step ahead of me. I have to admit though school has me freaked out about my future.
My Marketing Strategies class always keeps me thinking about it.
I'm scared to death about getting a job after school.
I can't wait, but I'm nervous as hell now.
What if nothing goes as planned and I can't get a job and I'm stuck doing something that I hate?
Today I exchanged numbers with a girl in my class so we can study for our Midterm.
One of the girls who is also in my class was in the elevator.
She was saying how she had the same area code and that she's from Spring Valley Weird huh?
The weirdest part is her roomate is someone who I went to school with since Jr. High.
This weekend I'm going to see Beck.
that is if my ticket ever comes.
I'm excited to go I always like to go to different concerts and plus it will be nice to go out and do something fun.
It was definitely a shocking experience, but atleast I can say I have ridden in an ambulance before.
Have lots of prescriptions and mental helath appointments to look forward to, but hopefully things will get better soon.
I am still having trouble walking straight and am slurring a lot (so excuse the grammar), but things are getting better.
My mother was there for me the whole time while I was scared to death, losing consciousnes, and fearing for my life, and I will always remember that.
The goal was to go to sleep and never wake up, but after taking 32 of those dreadful cold pills that put scars on my kidney in the first place, death was becomming all too real too fast.
Had loads of tests, including a catheter due to my not being able to urinate.
Have you ever wanted to be with someone that is a friend of the other sex but you are afraid to ask that person?
afraid that it would ruin your friendship with them as well as your friendship with another person.
afraid that you will be hurt yet again.
hurt if that person say's no.
Hurt if that person say's yes and down the line you brake up.
Hurt by the world of friendship yet again.
Hurt by the world of dating.
Hurt so bad you stay in a world that is only in your mind.
Hurt so bad you stay in your room.
Never wanting to go out with someone again.
Today was just kind of stressful.
My night last night turned out amazing towards 8:00-9:00
I had a really nice conversation with Juckett, another amazing one with Phil, and then another one with Solomon.
It was definitely a good night of conversation, although I did stay up until 12:30, and I payed for that this morning in 1st period (Physics)
But all of a sudden today it's hit me that I have all this work due.
I have so much long-term work that I'm not sure if I'll get it all finished with band practice every night, a football game friday, and a competition all day Saturday.
But, tonight I'm attempting to get a good portion of it finished.
I'm starting my argument on illegal immigration (which I may say is turning out fantastic with the first two praragraphs I have), and I finished one of my US History charts, and I plan on outlining a bit once I start watching America's Next Top Model.
Plus, all this stuff is being forced on me with my Dad.
The courts and my lawyer and my therapist and my mom are all getting mad because I don't have all this time in the world to hang out with my Dad for a few hours.
I turned the channel to ESPN because the DirectTv satellite guide said NFL Live was on.
Love NFL, love live, it only makes sense.
Instead of NFL Live, I get Barry Zito of the Oakland A's rambling on about somebody who just died.
I'm sorry someone died, but to mislead me like that is inexcusable.
Jacked Up?
Definitely.
Don't be afraid to weigh in on the subject.
I turned the channel to ESPN because the DirectTv satellite guide said NFL Live was on.
Love NFL, love live, it only makes sense.
Instead of NFL Live, I get Barry Zito of the Oakland A's rambling on about somebody who just died.
I'm sorry someone died, but to mislead me like that is inexcusable.
Jacked Up?
Definitely.
Don't be afraid to weigh in on the subject.
i just watched Kinsey.
even though i wasnt in the right mood, a.k.a : my mind was in portland, it was  a really good flick!
it was one of the movies i was told to watch.
i told mom i am paying rent, she said "no you arent!!".
i just plainly said :
m     y      m    o    n     e     y       m    y      d    e    c    i    s    i   o   n
she stopped talking about it, started mumbling about porcaline and what time she has to start the bisk.
i dont want her to think that i will never take her suggestions as useful or necessary, because i cant say that wont happen.
not on this matter however.
how much would you pay for your safe haven?
i never took it out.
the key bank woman reassured me that the BRINKS people, when they find cards that dont belong to key bank, shred up the cards!
what i was worried about, someone trying to steal money off my card, isnt going to happen.
their atm machines "eat" the cards.
so no one can get the card!
and therapy!!.
i dont!
she makes me all nervous and tense!
and anything she says, no matter how sweet the voice is is nasty and mean spirited!
and me with my explaining skills wont show her how what she just said stung!
i get stuck, cant think of the right term and lose my train of thought.
thus getting myself more pissed and less willing to finish what i was just trying to say.
which in turn gets a scough and a look, that says maybe you should just go to bed.
and i end up doing what she says because i cant get over the fact i stumbled in a sentence 5 minutes prior.
therapy.
i cant wait to visit portland again, though right now i dont think ill be able to go back until i have payed rent.
which sucks, but that might mean her birthday.
no not that long.
but if it takes 2 weeks for me to get a pay check and the first week of work is counted into the next two weeks anyway.
so really my first pay check will be in 3 weeks and i cant afford to be late with rent.
i might have to borrow from mom, since ive payed her off, but then shell know i dont have any of the money left and.
im afraid of what will happen if that gets out.
im worried about money.
lets face it.
but im more worried about losing the one i love, even though i cant have her right now.
i know this is cheesy and maybe pointless but i am going to say it anyway.
i'm not going anywhere.
okay shut up!
Okay y'alls.
So I'm sitting here with chapped lips.
I went to the dentist today was some fillings and instead I got a root canal.
soo.
it wasn't too bad.
First they gave me a swab to numb my gums, then two shots.
I can handle dull aches, it's the sharp pains that freak me out.
Then they fucked around with my teeth, which never hurt (except for the clamp), but I was on edge, because it felt like it was about to hurt, like any moment they might hit a nerve.
Annnndddd.
so the nurse was doing suction, and she accidently hit the rubber sheath across my mouth (isolating the tooth) which made a very loud noise in my ear, so I flinched, and the dentist was like "It's not big deal, show her it's nothing to be afraid of" so she did it again and I really freaked out, really flinched and even cried out and then I starting crying.
Anyway it wasn't too bad, except they didn't do any fillings, so I still have a loser mouth.
And a temp.
filling, which sucks.
we've been able to sponge bandwidth off someone, somewhere, for the past few days.
as unexpectedly and elusively as the innernets appear, SO DO THEY STOP DISAPEAR.
enjoying it while it lasts.
so hi, friends, it is me, and i'm in my sweatpants and barefoot.
tres lux, as compared to going out in public.
pshaw!
totally true access hollywood says so.
ok, so do me a favor?
go to designhergals.com and tell me if you think i should get some business cards from them.
i made a girl that i think looks like me, dressed her in a pink jacket with ballet flats and put a cupcake in her hand.
my spendy muscles are, like, twitching in anticipation but i don't know.
should i come up with something on my own?
today at work i popped advils and helped a mother and daughter figure out some drapes for the daughter's bedroom.
and it turns out that the daughter and i both graduated from brockport this spring!
her degree is in dance, which is about as useful as my studio art degree.
she's living at home with her parents now and she's not feeling very good about herself.
except no, cos she's thinking about going to school for nursing, and i've been knitting like a mofo.
fingerless gloves or bust, so help me god.
something good is going to happen if it kills me. i think i threw out my back hunching over (hence the advils), but that's nothin!
do these people know who i am?
no way.
Which, to be honest, was making Brad slightly nervous.
Perhaps it had just been pre-deal excitement.
Sunday night, the evening he had spoken to Schuldig over the phone, was the one night that Brad had actually slept well.
He had wanted to call either Yohji or Schuldig last night, but Deguchi had kept him busy attending a ball, not returning home until three in the morning.
Brad had promptly fallen asleep, having been up at dawn to make it across the island for the deal that morning.
An almost 24 hour day was not Brad's idea of a good time.
At least they hadn't needed to be anywhere until lunch this morning.
And Deguchi didn't have another social function planned until tomorrow night.
It was merely golf all day tomorrow and then the party that night.
And then the flight home.
And Brad couldn't wait to get home.
But in the meantime, he had free time, as Deguchi was passed out in his room from too much liquor and too little sleep and the desire to be as perky as possible for his golf game tomorrow.
It was a pleasant Tuesday evening in Hawai'i, Wednesday at home, Brad reminded himself automatically, and he had the doors to the balcony open wide and was sitting on the lone chair looking out over the ocean.
He called Yohji, missing him, wanting to talk to him.
He just hoped that Yohji had time to talk.
Dear Dinah,
Oh, it's so soon now, so quick.
This is the last day.
I didn't go to Speech this morning because there was nothing else for me to turn in.
Instead, I went shopping for sandals to wear to graduation.
I didn't find any, but did find a five-dollar bathing suit.
It's two-piece, green stretch velvet.
Not fashionable, but it fits/was five dollars.
In Drawing, we played Ms. Wolf's Fun Game.
It actually was quite a bit of fun.
Even Aaron played, although he hadn't signed up.
The Fun Game itself involved cardboard boxes with mystery items in them and our job was to decorate the boxes any way we wanted.
When it came time to trade boxes and open them, people kept avoiding mine because it left blue paint all over anyone who touched it.
Mez got a waffle-iron.
I got 24 shades of 80s-colored eyeshadow.
It was very bright.
Pacheco asked if he could put some on me and he painted me up like a cat, with green-and-purple whiskers and a smudgy pink heart for the tip of my nose.
He asked if I could help make him up like a clown, and then the two of us painted Ryan's face like a hooker.
We offered to do Aaron too, but he just laughed and shook his head.
He really laughed a lot today.
Pacheco asked me to sign his yearbook and he signed mine.
I made me sorry that I don't actually know him.
After Drawing, I was standing at Ryan's locker, leaning back, laughing.
The bell for last hour had already rung and we were talking to a bunch of Ryan's popular football-friends.
I was laughing up at Josh Bloomfield and Peter, when someone spoke softly behind me, very fast.
"SorryexcusemeI'msorryIjustneed-"
I wanted to wipe the green-and-purple whiskers off with my hands, but was afraid of making it worse, so I didn't do anything.
Ryan was kind of standing on the outside of the group, which makes sense, I guess.
He's not on the football team.
As Mink turned from his locker and slid through the crowd, Ryan watched him go.
I said, "He always seems so nervous."
Ryan nodded.
"Yeah.
I know.
I feel kind of bad."
"What for?"
"Well, he was in my ICP class, sophomore year.
And - you know Leif Carlson? - me and Leif sat together and that guy shows up late on the first day of class and he was at our same table.
He - you know, he had that big coat, and his hair was all shiny and slicked back - and he doesn't smile - so, we just thought." Ryan waved his hands abruptly to show what it was they thought.
"So, we just did that.
To him.
For like a week.
All we were doing was just kind of.
hurting his feelings," Ryan finished flatly.
I nodded, felt guilty.
Because all those things about Mink are exactly the reason why I can't, well, can't anything, really.
And that's total bullshit, because those things shouldn't even matter.
It's about a fucking jacket.
When I am really actually honest, I'm just as superficial as anybody else.
Only, maybe just in different ways.
There are several things I know.
And also, I look like a cat.
Love.
Goodbyes break my heart and make me choke on my last words.
They cause tears to run down my cheeks and make me want to fall to my knees.
Backing out of that driveway getting further and further away from you was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
I'm so scared that everytime that I see you it's going to be my last time and I never want to leave your side.
Getting home- back to reality.
Now I have to unpack.
my quilt is finally coming along though i am alsorts of excited.
anyways i wont b here all weekend i will b in penn state with a bunch of male bleeders and my brother lol so there ttyl byes
You say you want a revolution
Well you know
We all want to change the world
You tell me that it's evolution
Well you know
We all want to change the world
But when you talk about destruction
Don't you know you can count me out
Don't you know it's gonna be alright
Alright Alright
You say you got a real solution
Well you know
You ask me for a contribution
Well you know
We're all doing what we can
But when you want money for people with minds that hate
All I can tell you is brother you have to wait
Don't you know it's gonna be alright
Alright Alright
You say you'll change the constitution
Well you know
We all want to change your head
You tell me it's the institution
Well you know
You better free your mind instead
But if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao
You ain't going to make it with anyone anyhow
Don't you know know it's gonna be alright
Alright Alright
-- The Beatles
Karl Marx was onto something.
As long as capitalism reigns in America, the gulf between the haves and the have-nots will widen until it is an insurmountable chasm filled with the broken bodies of whipped slaves.
Not exactly how anyone wants to go out.
Stiffer than a starched Eton collar.
Welcome to the future and recent past.
Pretty damn sad, isn't it?
What will it take to rise above and leave this human ashtray that we've been snubbed into?
It will take total deprogramming.
It will take an exit from the current, compromised system.
It will take radical thought change.
It will take a revolution.
Words and phrases like "terrorist, "anti-semitic", "anti-war", "Islamo-fascist", "protest" and "communist".
That last one alone has been responsible for more fear-mongering than the presently seated Bush administration has been able to muster in the past six years, and that's a pretty tall order.
The "BOO!" machine runs full-time at the White House these days.
What's interesting about their motivations is that most of what we're supposed to be afraid of is actually simply informative alternatives to the status quo: the fear of change.
The government wants us to be afraid of terrorists so that they can pass more questionable legislation that makes it easier to control us.
They want us to not criticize the Zionists who give the Jews a bad name, because of how much Zionists influence U.S. foriegn policy in the name of Israel.
They want us to be scared of protesting and dissenting in the name of freedom, because there are more of us than there are of THEM.
I even suggest that the government has always wished us to be afraid of communism, because it goes against the very thing that government relies upon to keep it rolling: capitalism.
Programming In Action
From the "Red Scare" and the Communist witch-hunt of the 50's with Senator Joe McCarthy aggressively pursuing perceived threats to the safety and security of America, to the current fear and loathing of so-called communist countries such as North Korea, Cuba and China, actual communism has never, ever existed.
Dictators like Fidel Castro and Kim Jong Il oversee police-states, but aren't purveyors of actual communism as espoused by Marx.
Like other socialists, Marx and Engels sought an end to capitalism and the systems which they perceived to be responsible for the exploitation of workers.
But whereas earlier socialists often favored longer-term social reform, Marx and Engels believed that popular revolution was all but inevitable, and the only path to socialism.
- from Wikipedia
Even within so-called modern communism, there are many splits and factions, notably between Marxist/Leninist communists and anarchists.
I was led, through an interesting internet surfing session, to a full-on philosophical debate between members of these two camps in which it appears as though the Leninist scored a numbing defeat.
While perusing the pages detailing the battle of words, I ran across a detailed look at just what the revolution might look like, if it truly indeed ever happened.
For that matter, it looks as if it could be happening right now, no matter what "-ism" you slap it with.
Recipe for a revolution?
Perhaps.
And it makes pretty clear the idea that the continuation of this charade of voting booths and elected officials is never going to turn America around and make it the Utopia that many hope it will become; unless the people get serious about organizing and ceasing this selfish, alienating style of life that we cling to.
The very act of revolution demands a will stronger than "Dancing With The Stars", "Cribs" and the latest incarnation of "CSI."
We are a nation of air-conditioned, drive-thru frequenting, automatic can-opener using, processed meat-eating, hands-free restroom-using workers.
We live to work, but work is not our collective life.
Most of us do not choose to work.
We work because the system demands that we operate the machinery.
Only after we have been put through the schools, which teach us not to think for ourselves or question what we're taught, only after we're encouraged to seek higher learning in order to make the highest dollar, do we then enter a life-long engagement in a vocation that keeps us away from the things we actually wish to do.
That's the American Dream.
The dream that you can fight hard and work to get ahead, put money away and eventually leave the factory of human flesh, at age 65, to finally live what's left of your shriveled life, aided by the promise of a Social Security plan that our dear leader, the "Decider" is actually trying to privatize, just like our national banking system.
It's a depression.
Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job.
The dollar buys a nickel's worth; banks are going bust; shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter; punks are running wild in the street, and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it.
We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat.
And we sit watching our TVs while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be!
We sit in the house, and slowly the world we're living in is getting smaller, and all we say is, "Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms.
Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials, and I won't say anything.
Just leave us alone."
Well, I'm not going to leave you alone.
I want you to get mad!
I don't want you to write to your Congressman, because I wouldn't know what to tell you to write.
I don't know what to do about the depression and the inflation and the Russians and the crime in the street.
All I know is that first, you've got to get mad.
You've gotta say, "I'm a human being, goddammit!
So, I want you to get up now.
I want all of you to get up out of your chairs.
"I'm as mad as hell,
and I'm not going to take this anymore!!"
Peter Finch as Howard Beale in "Network" (1976)
Have you ever felt longing?
Just at the mere thought of the source of longing makes you want to cry, to sob out the truth of your heart?
Longing is not for the faint of heart, but longing will make you weak in the heart.
It will alter you judgement, longing will destroy you.
So I started my first job this week.
Yeah I know I'm 19 but I never worked.
I volunteered at a store once but that was about it.
I was more tired because I was used to sleeping in until like 10 but now I have to wake up at 7.
The job is really nice.
She actually knows a couple of people that I know.
The only thing is where I work is a tax law firm place and I don't know any of the terms so I'm learning as I go!
Luckily I don't have to do much with numbers cause I deal mostly with the phone, oh and did I mention they don't mind if we're on AIM, check our e-mail, or look up random stuff online as long as we get our work done?
It's pretty sweet and I feel very blessed that I have it.
Oh and my mentor, she's Catholic and she teaches CCD so me and her get along pretty good.
Well I guess we'll see what happens later with my job.
Today sucked.
Again.
Ugh.
I just don't get it.
I suppose it's mostly my fault.
I'm just such a complete airhead.
I won't pay attention in class and miss assignments, I'm always afraid I'm going to forget to do something or something's gonna spring up on me and AAAAAAH!!!
It just feels like my brain has ceased to function.
Or like there like, fluff in it instead of a brain.
I can't pay attention, I can't think straight, I can't even talk.
People will be talking and I'll want to join in on the conversation but I won't have anything to SAY so when I do say something it's last minute and flustered and everybody looks at me like.
'eeh.
okaaay, then.
' and continues talking to someone else.
And then worst thing is? I don't DO anything about it.
Today, I was pulled out of a meeting by our building manager, who was in a blind panic.
The problem turned out to be that I needed to choose a paint color for the walls of the new office space.
This was apparently an emergency.
(Why yes, I have in fact spent the rest of the day imagining paint-based emergencies.
"Nurse, a can of the #47 crocus blue satin finish!
At once!")
Ahem.
Anyway, we tracked down the paint chip sample brochure buried on the receptionist's desk, and I pulled out my carpet samples, preparing to face my daunting choice--which turned out to be between two nearly identical shades of office off-white.
I went with the slightly more creamy white, rather than the slightly more grey white.
I checked two poltergeist books out of the library today.
The other is appalling crap: disorganized, blatantly pseudoscientific, and misogynistic.
The pseudoscience could probably be blamed at least in part on its late-70s vintage - maybe things like multiple personality disorder and schizophrenia were so poorly understood and poorly approached at the time that this gobbledegook was passable (or else maybe these disorders were so poorly understood that they were as hokey to established science as poltergeists).
I suppose attitudes towards women have changed a lot too, but this was so awful I threw up my hands and returned the book before leaving the library.
He goes on to describe her in later years as unhappily married, fat, and sullen.
Hello, hostile much?
The result is that all of his comments about the "sexual energy" of any of his (mostly female, mostly pubescent) subjects come out with a kind of leer behind them.
Yeah.
EWWW.
Well if you do, remember that catchy song?
You know, "Easy?"
It wasn't performed by Lionel Ritchie this time, but by Faith No More.
There's currently a commercial on rotation, I advertising what capitalistic piece of crap it is this time, but it is a terrible, terrible, cover of "In a Big Country."
By a band called Big Country.
I also heard somewhere that the song was covered by Dashboard Confessional.
I see this commercial every morning; it is an omen for a very bad day.
We have all had (or are still having, perhaps for the rest of our lives) our encounters with stupid people, but it's the ones who just won't stop bothering you that are among some of the worst.
Somebody fucking invited me to a Facebook group called "Sally is cooler than your mom."
Okay, if you're going to be cooler than anyone, saying that you're cooler than my mom is a fucking given.
But then again, even my mom is greater than Sally.
I'd like to tell Sally to go eat shit.
He told me she has conversations with his away message online.
[self-explanatory]
Three angry customers; as a matter of fact, that last week alone at Pier 1 was the only week where I met troublesome customers.
Very odd and peculiar.
An omen?
You choose the answer.
Good deal.
My first day at Banana Republic is actually going to be this Saturday, not Sunday.
Some chick named Monica called and asked if I could work.
Sure.
Oh I know, the kids who are voted "Best Dressed" in school.
Isn't it aggravating when someone is practically demanding you to hang out with them?
No pun intended.
Get a fucking clue.
Go find someone else to be your bitch.
Sure, it's nice to see people wanting to be within your presence, but when they step over the line and enter the realm of stupidity, self-esteem issues and denial of self-being, well then I want to do nothing but kick you in the fucking baby maker.
I get such a laugh out of that every time.
Lame lame lame comparison, I know.
But a video like that has to be stuck in there somewhere.
Well.
I listened to a few of them.
The closest to the origanal is Panic!s cover on This is Halloween.
There are so many things that never make it past the filter into this blog.
That is probably a good thing.
I am never totally sure who is reading (people who don't have time or inclination to comment?
or maybe there is nothing worth comment upon??)and that influences what I share, too.
That, and time.
I tend to have great ideas about commentary about midday, and don't get around to blogging until later and the mood has passed.
I struggle with the Catholic concept of baptism being a gift we give infants because it is God's gift to us.
And you can bet I gave it a lot of thought.
Having the girls baptized is not something I will regret, as I plan to raise them cognizant of and faithful to the faith.
They can always choose not to go to church.
And maybe having been baptized Catholic, they will come back to the church.
I an not afraid of having lots of children.
I am not afraid of having another child.
I just know having another one right now would cause great havoc in the tender new environment that Dave and I have with the girls now.
God does know what is best.
And God provided all sorts of opportunities for us to use knowledge in regard to family planning.
So we are.
Update:
Eric:
The next time I actually get you on the phone when you're not a)tired b)not in the mood or c)just plain not wanting to talk to me please don't elect to watch a movie instead of having a conversation with me. It's these types of choices that make it hard for me to justify trying to be your friend.
Me: Yah uh, I was with about 12 other people ready to watch a movie we were supposed to start an hour before for a class, Kinda already planned.
It's those types of choices that make it hard for me to justify a friendship.
first let me say, this is one of the stupidest fucking reasons to be (once again) pissy with someone.
Fucking seriously kid.
This was on myspace today.
Im rather sick of myspace.
Im not particularly interested in what ANY of his blogs have to say.
Ive noticed an abundance are usually about me, and rather stupid.
So i've stopped listening.
every once in awhile one or two titles will catch my eye and I will read it, but for the most part i really am sick and tired to stupid repetitive shit.
Not to mention the same "learning experiences" and "new discoveries" or opinionated ideas towards me that always seem to change week to week, so whatever.
i attempted to have a normal conversation with him, and apparently my basic human right to hang up whenever I choose to do so, Is not allowed.
Gag, enough on that crap.
No more.
Anyways, I went to Court yesterday.
Court was intimidating but I did good.
I dressed conservatively and had no idea what I was doing.
Long story short, I learned a lot.
Traffic court is uh, a lot more serious than I thought.
And It got ruled that it was my vehicles fault not mine, and the I got minimum sentence possible for my ticket.
The results: Careless Driving (required when you hydroplane) and 2 points on my driving record and 60 dollar fine.
I actually got it pretty good.
Every one was really nice, even the judge.
I get 9 in one yr and ive never had a ticket before, so i will be fine.
The exciting part of my day, as cliche as it sounds was a car fire.
No biggy, but it was not angled (no popped tire) and the smoke was dark black, I know that's not normal.
So i pulled over and ran up.
This kid was in the back seat with the door open and his leg hanging out.
I walked up to him "Whats going on, you need some help?"
He said yah.
I backed up during all this and looked under the vehicle only to see flames roaring towards the gas tank.
So i Told him it was on fire I dont think he heard me, So i grabbed his smeater and yanked him out of the car, he stumbled back, dropped his shit and looked at me pissed "what the fuck lady" we got about four or five steps from the vehicle when the gas tanked popped (not a hollywood explosion here people) and burning gas flew out everywhere, catching the grass on fire, blowing out both rear tires and because the door was open, the interior of the vehicle started going up in flames.
after some silence from the driver his attitude changed and hes like "thanks that could have been me" and repeated "oh my god" while I got an ETA on police and fire from dispatch and gave her information.
All this before court.
The news people showed up, talked to the kid and he pointed at me while I was telling the cop I had to go, because i really did not want to be late, and I left.
after though I was thinking about it, it would have been kinda cool to get interviewed for pulling him out.
i dont think I saved his life, but i may have saved his legs and a lot of skin.
Who knows.
Point is it was exciting.
I remain "anonymous" in the newspaper and life goes on.
Poor kid though.
he gave me a hug, that was good.
An honesty.
Anyways, Life goes on.
And i've been thinking, my earlier comment about how this stuff finds me. Many people drove past, and many cars were infront of me in that exit lane, maybe this stuff is just as equally around everyone, I only choose to stop.
but If it was more discrete, and people only saw the car in the ditch, or only saw me take out the sign, how long would it have taken someone to stop?
How many people a day drive by cars with hadards on, or sitting n the side of the road.
How do you know that smoke is not from a tire, and the car could be on fire??
People drive by this stuff everyday, I think I look at it differently because of my experiences and the department, so I stop.
He didnt even get my name, but Im sure he will not forget me.
K, enough with that kinda thought.
I've homework to do.
And I want to go to buffalo wild wings with Jen.
the speedometer broke on my way down, but it decided to fix itself.
But uncle beeve saved the day and fixed a bunch of stuff for me. Called it an early Birthday present, he is so amazing.
Than i drove to lake wood around familiar routes to try and get my confidence back with driving.
While I was in lakewood I surprised Brian and we met Scooty for lunch, suprised him too.
It was SOOOO nice to see them.
Just what I needed to collect myself and continue home.
Novmber 11th is the next time i will for sure be there for the weekend, I have courtney and im coming down early to stay at scotts.
He does not know this yet, I need to call him this week.
I can't wait to go on a night drive with Brian and just chill out there for awhile.
But Maria does not want me too, so Paul came in for me. My finger needs to get better faster.
It feels pretty good today.
So, Im going out with some friends later, do some homework, both our work uniforms are dirty (all of them) so I think I might do laundry, and make our bed.
Typical day I suppose.
Yesterday was eventful, today is relaxing.
Good to love life.
Im going to mail grandma a letter tonight.
They both just lost their husbands and Vegas grandma has had more time, were hoping she will help Canada grandma feel better.
Which I am so happy for.
I am so proud of my sister.
She will be just fine.
im sick of looking at a computer screen.
I know noone who reads this besides myself, so it does not matter.
no goal tonight.
Just go with the flow.
"I can't relate to 99% of humanity."
After watching the middle-aged geeky character, Seymour (Steve Buscemi) in "Ghost World," I can't but help agreeing with him.
Okay, I can relate to more than 1% of humanity, but lately I don't like it's more than 25%.
And not even that I can't relate, or try to.
And I don't mean "don't fit in" in a sort of sad-emo-subculture-wearing black all the time thing.
I just don't.
What also started me thinking like this is the whole dating issue.
There are not a lot of guys that I will go for.
There is a type and he's very elusive.
But, back to reasons that I don't relate to *74%* of humanity:
say.
sex and money.
- I don't think that the place to meet a potential love interest is at a party.
(And you know what kind I mean, because parties in general are okay, but I mean drunken ragers and the like.)
- I don't think it's okay to display women provocatively everywhere just to sell a product.
(Has anyone seen this week's Rolling Stone?
I am, quite honestly, furious and they WILL be getting an angry letter from me, even though won't care, I'm sure because as much as they would like you to think that they aren't part of the "machine" they are.
Go ahead, care about the environment, but don't care about demeaning women.)
- I don't drink excessive amounts to project an image of being cool.
I don't drink excessive amounts because I am bored.
- I listen.
- I don't like the movie "Top Gun."
- I enjoy reading.
- I don't think money buys happiness.
I don't think sex begets happiness.
- I actually take notice of nice days, smells, etc. and appreciate it, appreciate the luxuriousness of things like that and let it effect me.  I don't just trample it in my Uggs.
- I try not to listen to rap because it perpetuates stereotypes.
- I don't say "like" every other word.
Nor do I continually inflect the ends of my sentences upwards.
I could go on.
People are just rude and selfish, and I know I'm victim too, but I don't want to be like that.
I get the feeling that a lot of people want to be like that.
Meh.
It's part of getting older, and that sounds cliched, that makes me realize that I'm not a fan of the typical "college girl" thing.
Its not my bag and I don't really even want to be around it.
What is so wrong about REMEMBERING the weekend?
When are people going to step it up and join humanity.
or at least the percentage I can deal with?
And where are the intelligent, attractive, respectful guys who aren't frat boys, who just wear jeans and t-shirts and $30 tennis shoes, who like to read and watch movies?
And who have some sense of style but are still kind of dorky but have social skills?
Please, if you exist anywhere, let me know!
All of my co-workers are people like that.
So I kept walking straight, and the dog that crossed the street turned around and saw me and growled, I was like " oh shit Jorge, just keep walking."
So i did, and then the second dog growls at me too, and Im like " Should I run or keep walking?"
So I kept walking and then the other dog that crossed the street comes back running at me and I said "OHH SSHHIITTT!!!"
And I saw a house with the gate door opened slightly, and i squeezed in there sumhow sumway!!!
WITH MY BACKPACK ON ME!!!
I knoe im skinny but DAMN!!
So yeah, i stayed in that house for like three minutes then i got up and checked to see if the dogs were gone, and they were, so i tried squeezing out the same way I squeezed in but I didnt fit, so i just opened the door and left.
I WUZ SCARED!!!
"It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance.
It's the dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance.
And the soul afraid of dying that never learns to live.
"When the night has been too lonely, and the road has been too long,
Just remember, in the winter, far beneath the bitter snow,
-"The Rose"
Bette Middler
It's the second stanza that caught my attention; more specifically, it's those two first lines: "It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance./It's the dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance."
There is a prospect, and I think I am going to go for him.
Nothing grand, mind you; this is one that must be handled with a delicate touch: nothing rash, nothing rushed let it flow.
I have considered the possibility for a while now, but I have been apprehensive, and I did not act on what I felt.
And then, just the other day, I was driving down 470 on the way to college, listening to 105.5, and a beautiful song came on that I had not heard before.
Naturally, it took a few lines to catch my attention, and I began to pay attention just as those two lines were being sung by Ms. Middler.
The words made me think Now I have thought, and thought, and you who know me best will not be surprised that I thought some more 
I think I will wake from the dream, and I will see if I cannot turn it into a reality.
Internship was pretty awesome today.
I did an SAT Lit practice test on each bus ride, because I am cool, and I did better than I expected.
If you haven't heard them, search iTunes and download the Podcast.
The staff is currently in the process of archiving every one of these 30-45 second clips ever made, so I spent almost all day going through them.
I had to listen to each fully and make note of any audio or labelling defects and whether there was an advertisement at the end.
I totally loved it, because I am a geek.
At first I thought that someone had inexplicably decided to RV in the middle of Broadway, but a man with a French accent told me it was for a Will Smith movie.
I went out to Starbucks for lunch.
I love the two guys who work at that Starbucks - they're awesomely flamboyant and they told me about how Cameron Diaz came in for a latte during their shift last week (but without Justin!
I didn't see Will Smith (although the French Prince is usually my shit, I think I would have had to punch him on behalf of everyone who's heard "Switch"), but the girl on the elevator with me said she had just randomly seen Mike Myers.
That afternoon - *gulp* - Lawler came to observe me. When I heard she was coming, I spazzed, afraid that she might have an issue with the fact that I never, you know, handed in any of my internship forms.
Of course, as soon as she came in, John came over and said, "You realize, Molly, that you're not allowed visitors, and we will have to give you thirty more lashes."
Ms. Lawler just kept smiling awkwardly.
Then she proceeded to call me Meghan** and went through the required but hilariously inapplicable hazardous chemicals/safety concerns set of questions while the interns around me tried to stifle their laughter.
I'm kind of freaking out about debate but I'm kind of okay.
I'm pretty sure you can see him during The Onion segment in The Aristocrats.
**As in Farrell, I assume.
Funny, she usually thinks I'm Nora.
Hey all,
Good news.
I got a call this morning asking me to come in for an interview today at 1:30pm.
I was psyched.
ugh.
I went back, had 6 mins to go get it and get back to the bus stop.
I got it, got back to the station and my bus came right away.
I got on the bus, dropped my resume on the wet floor and almost dropped my mp3 player.
So I tried to relax on the bus on the way.
When I got there, I went in and told them I was there and waited.
I was called in and 2 guys interviewed me. I was completely honest throughout the interview from telling them about the handcuff story with Danika to the dirty joke story when I was working at the movie theatre.
At one point I apologized for being so nervous and they told me that there were people a lot worse and that I wasn't using the words "uh" and "um" as often as others had been.
They told me that they would set me up for the next interview by calling me in the next day or 2.
The next interview is with the general manager of the store, it will likely take place on Saturday.
Everything looks good.
The 2 interviewing me were thinking of placing me in digital imaging due to my background with photography and video editing, I told them that it would likely turn out to be too easy for me in the long run and that I was hoping for a position more challenging so that I could learn more overall.
I said that I want to work in the TV department as I want to learn more about them.
Where they will decide to place me is up to them, as long as I get the job, I'll be really happy.
Oh, if I get a job at Futureshop, It looks like I would be starting there around November 8th.
We'll see how things go.
My plans coming up.
Tomorrow: Gotta go to MDG for the last time to pick up my paycheck for that week and a half I was there.
Friday: Going to a movie or 2 with Paul at Rainbow cinemas
Saturday: Hopefully the interview at futureshop
Oct 21st: If I'm free, I want to check out Brad Sucks live in concert.
I would try to do some video too.
That is all for now,
So yeah I did.
I felt really awful through out the whole day too.
The night before, I was really.
That one chick I dislike with a passion because I think she is obsessed with Gareth and really likes him.
Seriously.
I really do hate it.
Okay.
So that night I decide.
Hmm I remember Gareth's password why don't I spy to see whats going on.
I never would do that, but I had to because I was speculating about the whole thing.
So I did and I got so panicy that I only got to the 6th page.
and I was freak it.
I left it, but through out the whole day I was really awful.
So.
when I got home I was really nervous I hadn't talk to Gareth for 2 days because of college.
Really scared.
So he kinda knew something was wrong.
So I tell him it took me FOREVER To tell him but i was shakey and nervous to.
So I did anyway.
in a WORD document.
and he said that it was understandable.
Then he said that he's not worried about her taking him away from me.
And he said I gave you my password for a reason, so we wouldn't have to keep secrets from each other.
Majorly.
Then.
He's like, Would it make me happy that I delete her off my friends list and messenger.
And I was like.
Well if you want.
because I dislike her very much.
But I was like, Do what you want.
He's like yeah he would wait a couple of weeks and delete her.
but it happened.
And I hate these mistakes I do.
because then afterwards I had a BIG HEADACHE!
Man.  I hate it.
But i feel okay.
Ehh.
Ill miss you always forever and ever.
My baby you'll be.
it's a little more complicated.
i'm so down right now i can't be anymore upset.
have u ever been chased with a knife?
by ur mother?
all i can say in my defense is that whatever they're thinking isn't true.
my man and i know it's true.
so, i ain't much to prove.
good night.